rationalism	n.	gcide	the doctrine or system of those who deduce their religious opinions from reason or the understanding , as distinct from , or opposed to , revelation
rationalism	n.	gcide	the system that makes rational power the ultimate test of truth
voiced	a.	gcide	furnished with a voice
voiced	a.	gcide	expressed by the voice
voiced	a.	gcide	uttered with voice
voiced	a.	gcide	pronounced with vibrations of the vocal cords
voiced	a.	gcide	sonant
milled	a.	gcide	having been subjected to some process of milling
milled	a.	gcide	having multiple fine grooves on the rim , in the direction from obverse to reverse
elate	a.	gcide	lifted up
elate	a.	gcide	raised
elate	a.	gcide	elevated
elate	a.	gcide	having the spirits raised by success , or by hope
elate	a.	gcide	elated
elate	a.	gcide	exultant
elate	v. t.	gcide	to exalt the spirit of
elate	v. t.	gcide	to fill with confidence or exultation
elate	v. t.	gcide	to elevate or flush with success
elate	v. t.	gcide	to puff up
elate	v. t.	gcide	to make proud
disprove	v. t.	gcide	to prove to be false or erroneous
disprove	v. t.	gcide	to confute
disprove	v. t.	gcide	to refute
testing	n.	gcide	trial
testing	n.	gcide	proof
testing	n.	gcide	the operation of refining gold or silver in a test , or <unk>
summarily	adv.	gcide	in a summary manner
polygonal	a.	gcide	having many angles
keeping	n.	gcide	a holding
keeping	n.	gcide	restraint
keeping	n.	gcide	custody
keeping	n.	gcide	guard
keeping	n.	gcide	charge
keeping	n.	gcide	care
keeping	n.	gcide	preservation
keeping	n.	gcide	maintenance
keeping	n.	gcide	support
keeping	n.	gcide	provision
keeping	n.	gcide	feed
keeping	n.	gcide	conformity
keeping	n.	gcide	congruity
keeping	n.	gcide	harmony
keeping	n.	gcide	consistency
bodkin	n.	gcide	an implement of steel , bone , ivory , etc
bodkin	n.	gcide	a stiletto
bodkin	n.	gcide	a kind of needle with a large eye and a blunt point , for drawing tape , ribbon , etc
bodkin	n.	gcide	a tape needle
elation	n.	gcide	a lifting up by success
elation	n.	gcide	exaltation
allegory	n.	gcide	a figurative sentence or discourse , in which the principal subject is described by another subject resembling it in its properties and circumstances
allegory	n.	gcide	anything which represents by suggestive resemblance
allegory	n.	gcide	an emblem
allegory	n.	gcide	a figure representation which has a meaning beyond notion directly conveyed by the object painted or sculptured
malfeasance	n.	gcide	the doing of an act which a person ought not to do
malfeasance	n.	gcide	evil conduct
malfeasance	n.	gcide	an illegal deed
admissible	a.	gcide	entitled to be admitted , or worthy of being admitted
admissible	a.	gcide	that may be allowed or conceded
admissible	a.	gcide	allowable
gypsum	n.	gcide	a mineral consisting of the hydrous sulphate of lime ( calcium )
gypsum	n.	gcide	alabaster , a fine , white , massive variety
quadruped	a.	gcide	having four feet
quadruped	n.	gcide	an animal having four feet , as most mammals and reptiles
memorize	v. t.	gcide	to commit to memory
memorize	v. t.	gcide	to learn by heart
insular	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to an island
insular	a.	gcide	of the nature , or possessing the characteristics , of an island
insular	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the people of an island
insular	a.	gcide	narrow
insular	a.	gcide	circumscribed
insular	a.	gcide	illiberal
insular	a.	gcide	contracted
silently	adv.	gcide	in a silent manner
submersion	n.	gcide	the act of submerging , or putting under water or other fluid , or of causing to be overflowed
submersion	n.	gcide	the act of plunging under water , or of <unk>
submersion	n.	gcide	the state of being put under water or other fluid , or of being overflowed or <unk>
navigable	a.	gcide	deep enough and wide enough to afford passage to vessels
lingual	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the tongue
lingual	a.	gcide	uttered by the aid of the tongue
lingual	a.	gcide	lying near the tongue
lingual	a.	gcide	in dentistry on the surface of the tooth next to the tongue
lingual	n.	gcide	a consonant sound formed by the aid of the tongue
sailboat	n.	gcide	a boat propelled by a sail or sails
thrasher	n.	gcide	a thrashing machine
thrasher	n.	gcide	a name given to the brown thrush and other allied species
warehouse	n.	gcide	a storehouse for wares , or goods
banter	v. t.	gcide	to address playful good - natured ridicule to , -- the person addressed , or something pertaining to him , being the subject of the jesting
banter	v. t.	gcide	to rally
banter	n.	gcide	humorous or good - humored raillery
banter	n.	gcide	pleasantry
screw	n.	gcide	a form of wheel for propelling steam vessels
screw	v. t.	gcide	to force
screw	v. t.	gcide	to squeeze
screw	v. t.	gcide	to press , as by screws
screw	v. t.	gcide	to practice extortion upon
screw	v. t.	gcide	to oppress by unreasonable or extortionate exactions
screw	v. i.	gcide	to use violent mans in making exactions
screw	v. i.	gcide	to be oppressive or exacting
screw	v. i.	gcide	to turn one ' s self uneasily with a twisting motion
construction	n.	gcide	the process or art of constructing
construction	n.	gcide	the act of building
construction	n.	gcide	erection
construction	n.	gcide	the act of devising and forming
construction	n.	gcide	fabrication
construction	n.	gcide	composition
construction	n.	gcide	the form or manner of building or putting together the parts of anything
construction	n.	gcide	structure
construction	n.	gcide	arrangement
construction	n.	gcide	the arrangement and connection of words in a sentence
clairvoyance	n.	gcide	a power , attributed to some persons while in a mesmeric state , of discerning objects not perceptible by the senses in their normal condition
ultramarine	a.	gcide	situated or being beyond the sea
cam	n.	gcide	a turning or sliding piece which , by the shape of its periphery or face , or a groove in its surface , imparts variable or intermittent motion to , or receives such motion from , a rod , lever , or block brought into sliding or rolling contact with it
cam	n.	gcide	a projecting part of a wheel or other moving piece so shaped as to give alternate or variable motion to another piece against which it acts
jolt	v. t.	gcide	to cause to move with a sudden motion , especially an up and down motion , as in a carriage going over rough ground , or on a high - trotting horse
jolt	v. t.	gcide	to stun or shock a person physically , as with a blow or electrical shock
jolt	v. t.	gcide	to stun or shock or change the mental state of ( a person ) suddenly , as if with a blow
jolt	n.	gcide	a sudden shock or jerk
jolt	n.	gcide	a physical or psychological shock
burr	n.	gcide	a prickly seed vessel
burr	n.	gcide	the thin edge or ridge left by a tool in cutting or shaping metal , as in turning , engraving , pressing , etc
burr	n.	gcide	the rough neck left on a bullet in casting
burr	n.	gcide	a thin flat piece of metal , formed from a sheet by punching
burr	v. i.	gcide	to make a hoarse or guttural murmur
fuchsia	n.	gcide	a genus of flowering plants having elegant drooping flowers , with four sepals , four petals , eight stamens , and a single pistil
yoga	n.	gcide	a species of asceticism among the <unk> , which consists in a complete abstraction from all worldly objects , by which the votary <unk> to obtain union with the universal spirit , and to acquire superhuman faculties
bulkhead	n.	gcide	a partition in a vessel , to separate apartments on the same deck
bulkhead	n.	gcide	a structure of wood or stone , to resist the pressure of earth or water
bulkhead	n.	gcide	a partition wall or structure , as in a mine
bulkhead	n.	gcide	the limiting wall along a water front
digital	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the fingers
digital	a.	gcide	done with the fingers
digital	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to digits { 3 }
digital	a.	gcide	expressed in digits { 3 }, or using digits { 3
digital	a.	gcide	performing internal logical and arithmetic operations by means of digits , usually represented as binary numbers
creek	n.	gcide	a small inlet or bay , narrower and extending further into the land than a cove
creek	n.	gcide	a recess in the shore of the sea , or of a river
creek	n.	gcide	a stream of water smaller than a river and larger than a brook
creek	n.	gcide	any turn or winding
verbalize	v. t.	gcide	to convert into a verb
verbalize	v. t.	gcide	to express in words
verbalize	v. i.	gcide	to be verbose
corduroy	n.	gcide	a sort of cotton velveteen , having the surface raised in ridges
corduroy	v. t.	gcide	to form of logs laid side by side
adversely	adv.	gcide	in an adverse manner
adversely	adv.	gcide	unfortunately
adversely	adv.	gcide	contrariwise
sauce	n.	gcide	a composition of condiments and appetizing ingredients eaten with food as a relish
sauce	n.	gcide	a dressing for meat or fish or for puddings
sauce	n.	gcide	stewed or preserved fruit eaten with other food as a relish
sauce	n.	gcide	sauciness
sauce	n.	gcide	impertinence
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to accompany with something intended to give a higher relish
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to supply with appetizing condiments
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to season
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to flavor
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to make poignant
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to give zest , flavor or interest to
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to set off
sauce	v. t.	gcide	to vary and render attractive
sauce	n.	gcide	a soft crayon for use in stump drawing or in shading with the stump
dupe	n.	gcide	one who has been deceived or who is easily deceived
dupe	n.	gcide	a gull
dupe	v. t.	gcide	to deceive
dupe	v. t.	gcide	to trick
dupe	v. t.	gcide	to mislead by imposing on one ' s credulity
dupe	v. t.	gcide	to gull
grief	n.	gcide	pain of mind on account of something in the past
grief	n.	gcide	mental suffering arising from any cause , as misfortune , loss of friends , misconduct of one ' s self or others , etc
grief	n.	gcide	sorrow
grief	n.	gcide	sadness
grief	n.	gcide	cause of sorrow or pain
grief	n.	gcide	trial
grief	n.	gcide	grievance
justifiable	a.	gcide	capable of being justified , or shown to be just
proclivity	n.	gcide	inclination
proclivity	n.	gcide	propensity
proclivity	n.	gcide	proneness
proclivity	n.	gcide	tendency
proclivity	n.	gcide	readiness
proclivity	n.	gcide	facility
proclivity	n.	gcide	aptitude
distortion	n.	gcide	a twisting or writhing motion
distortion	n.	gcide	a <unk> from the true meaning
distortion	n.	gcide	the state of being distorted , or twisted out of shape or out of true position
distortion	n.	gcide	crookedness
distortion	n.	gcide	perversion
ensure	v. t.	gcide	to make sure
purview	n.	gcide	the body of a statute , or that part which begins with “ be it enacted , ” as distinguished from the preamble
purview	n.	gcide	the limit or scope of a statute
purview	n.	gcide	the whole extent of its intention or provisions
purview	n.	gcide	limit or sphere of authority
purview	n.	gcide	scope
purview	n.	gcide	extent
consequent	a.	gcide	following as a result , inference , or natural effect
consequent	a.	gcide	following by necessary inference or rational deduction
consequent	n.	gcide	that which follows , or results from , a cause
consequent	n.	gcide	a result or natural effect
consequent	n.	gcide	that which follows from propositions by rational deduction
consequent	n.	gcide	that which is deduced from reasoning or argumentation
consequent	n.	gcide	a conclusion , or inference
consequent	n.	gcide	the second term of a ratio , as the term b in the ratio a : b , the first a , being the antecedent
trajectory	n.	gcide	the curve which a body describes in space , as a planet or comet in its orbit , or stone thrown upward obliquely in the air
polysyllabic	a.	gcide	consisting of more than three syllables
settler	n.	gcide	one who settles , becomes fixed , established , etc
settler	n.	gcide	one who establishes himself in a new region or a colony
settler	n.	gcide	a colonist
settler	n.	gcide	a planter
settler	n.	gcide	that which settles or finishes
settler	n.	gcide	a blow etc
learn	v. t.	gcide	to gain knowledge or information of
learn	v. t.	gcide	to ascertain by inquiry , study , or investigation
learn	v. t.	gcide	to receive instruction concerning
learn	v. t.	gcide	to fix in the mind
learn	v. t.	gcide	to acquire understanding of , or skill
learn	v. i.	gcide	to acquire knowledge or skill
learn	v. i.	gcide	to make progress in acquiring knowledge or skill
learn	v. i.	gcide	to receive information or instruction
meed	n.	gcide	that which is bestowed or rendered in consideration of merit
meed	n.	gcide	reward
meed	n.	gcide	recompense
meed	n.	gcide	merit or desert
meed	n.	gcide	worth
haste	n.	gcide	celerity of motion
haste	n.	gcide	speed
haste	n.	gcide	swiftness
haste	n.	gcide	dispatch
haste	n.	gcide	expedition
haste	n.	gcide	the state of being urged or pressed by business
haste	n.	gcide	hurry
haste	n.	gcide	urgency
haste	n.	gcide	sudden excitement of feeling or passion
haste	n.	gcide	vehemence
mullet	n.	gcide	a star , usually five pointed and pierced
roundness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being round in shape
roundness	n.	gcide	fullness
roundness	n.	gcide	smoothness of flow
roundness	n.	gcide	boldness
roundness	n.	gcide	positiveness
hypertrophy	n.	gcide	a condition of overgrowth or excessive development of an organ or part
disburse	v. t.	gcide	to pay out
disburse	v. t.	gcide	to expend
evangel	n.	gcide	good news
evangel	n.	gcide	announcement of glad tidings
evangel	n.	gcide	the gospel or a gospel
monastic	n.	gcide	a monk
monastic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to <unk> , or to their occupants , rules , etc
monastic	a.	gcide	secluded from temporal concerns and devoted to religion
monastic	a.	gcide	recluse
noncommittal	n.	gcide	a state of not being committed or pledged
noncommittal	n.	gcide	forbearance or refusal to commit one ' s self
vouchsafe	v. t.	gcide	to condescend to grant
vouchsafe	v. t.	gcide	to concede
vouchsafe	v. t.	gcide	to bestow
vouchsafe	v. i.	gcide	to condescend
vouchsafe	v. i.	gcide	to deign
vouchsafe	v. i.	gcide	to yield
vouchsafe	v. i.	gcide	to descend or stoop
delusion	n.	gcide	the act of deluding
delusion	n.	gcide	deception
delusion	n.	gcide	a misleading of the mind
delusion	n.	gcide	false belief
delusion	n.	gcide	error in belief
probity	n.	gcide	tried virtue or integrity
probity	n.	gcide	approved moral excellence
probity	n.	gcide	honesty
probity	n.	gcide	rectitude
probity	n.	gcide	uprightness
suave	a.	gcide	sweet
suave	a.	gcide	pleasant
suave	a.	gcide	delightful
suave	a.	gcide	gracious or agreeable in manner
suave	a.	gcide	bland
rinse	v. t.	gcide	to wash lightly
rinse	v. t.	gcide	to cleanse with a second or repeated application of water after washing
buhl	n.	gcide	decorative woodwork in which tortoise shell , yellow metal , white metal , etc
ape	n.	gcide	a mimic
ape	v. t.	gcide	to imitate or follow servilely or irrationally
professed	a.	gcide	openly declared , avowed , acknowledged , or claimed
press	n.	gcide	an east indian insectivore
press	v. t.	gcide	to force into service , particularly into naval service
press	v. t.	gcide	to impress
press	n.	gcide	a commission to force men into public service , particularly into the navy
press	v. t.	gcide	to urge , or act upon , with force , as weight
press	v. t.	gcide	to act upon by pushing or thrusting , in distinction from pulling
press	v. t.	gcide	to crowd or compel by a gradual and continued exertion
press	v. t.	gcide	to bear upon
press	v. t.	gcide	to squeeze
press	v. t.	gcide	to compress
press	v. t.	gcide	to squeeze , in order to extract the juice or contents of
press	v. t.	gcide	to squeeze out , or express , from something
press	v. t.	gcide	to squeeze in or with suitable instruments or apparatus , in order to compact , make dense , or smooth
press	v. t.	gcide	to smooth by ironing
press	v. i.	gcide	to exert pressure
press	v. i.	gcide	to bear heavily
press	v. i.	gcide	to push , crowd , or urge with steady force
press	v. i.	gcide	to move on with urging and crowding
press	v. i.	gcide	to make one ' s way with violence or effort
press	v. i.	gcide	to bear onward forcibly
press	v. i.	gcide	to crowd
press	v. i.	gcide	to throng
press	v. i.	gcide	to encroach
press	v. i.	gcide	to urge with vehemence or importunity
press	v. i.	gcide	to exert a strong or compelling influence
press	n.	gcide	an apparatus or machine by which any substance or body is pressed , squeezed , stamped , or shaped , or by which an impression of a body is taken
press	n.	gcide	the art or business of printing and publishing
press	n.	gcide	printed publications taken collectively more especially newspapers or the persons employed in writing for them
trawler	n.	gcide	a fishing vessel which trails a net behind it
indirect	a.	gcide	not direct
indirect	a.	gcide	deviating from a direct line or course
indirect	a.	gcide	circuitous
indirect	a.	gcide	by remote means
indirect	a.	gcide	not straightforward or upright
indirect	a.	gcide	unfair
indirect	a.	gcide	dishonest
indirect	a.	gcide	tending to mislead or deceive
denotation	n.	gcide	the marking off or separation of anything
interment	n.	gcide	the act or ceremony of depositing a dead body in the earth
interment	n.	gcide	burial
minority	n.	gcide	the state of being a minor , or under age
minority	n.	gcide	the smaller number
steward	n.	gcide	a man employed in a large family , or on a large estate , to manage the domestic concerns , supervise other servants , collect the rents or income , keep accounts , and the like
steward	n.	gcide	a person employed in a hotel , or a club , or on board a ship , to provide for the table , superintend the culinary affairs , etc
steward	n.	gcide	a fiscal agent of certain bodies
intensifier	n.	gcide	in photography , an agent used to intensify the lights or <unk> of a picture
improbable	a.	gcide	not probable
improbable	a.	gcide	unlikely to be true
improbable	a.	gcide	not to be expected under the circumstances or in the usual course of events
mechanism	n.	gcide	the arrangement or relation of the parts of a machine
mechanism	n.	gcide	the parts of a machine , taken collectively
mechanism	n.	gcide	the arrangement or relation of the parts of anything as adapted to produce an effect
mechanism	n.	gcide	the series of causal relations that operate to produce an effect in any system
mechanism	n.	gcide	mechanical operation or action
impenitent	a.	gcide	not penitent
impenitent	a.	gcide	not repenting of sin
impenitent	a.	gcide	not contrite
impenitent	a.	gcide	of a hard heart
collateral	a.	gcide	coming from , being on , or directed toward , the side
collateral	a.	gcide	acting in an indirect way
collateral	a.	gcide	related to , but not strictly a part of , the main thing or matter under consideration
collateral	a.	gcide	subordinate
collateral	a.	gcide	not chief or principal
microscopically	adv.	gcide	by the microscope
microscopically	adv.	gcide	with minute inspection
microscopically	adv.	gcide	in a microscopic manner
pirate	n.	gcide	a robber on the high seas
pirate	n.	gcide	one who by open violence takes the property of another on the high seas
pirate	n.	gcide	one who makes it his business to cruise for robbery or plunder
pirate	n.	gcide	a freebooter on the seas
pirate	n.	gcide	one who steals in a harbor
pirate	n.	gcide	an armed ship or vessel which sails without a legal commission , for the purpose of plundering other vessels on the high seas
pirate	v. i.	gcide	to practice robbery on the high seas
pirate	v. t.	gcide	to publish , as books or writings , without the permission of the author
jointly	adv.	gcide	in a joint manner
jointly	adv.	gcide	together
jointly	adv.	gcide	unitedly
jointly	adv.	gcide	in concert
jointly	adv.	gcide	not separately
installment	n.	gcide	the act of installing
installment	n.	gcide	installation
installment	n.	gcide	a portion of a debt , or sum of money , which is divided into portions that are made payable at different times
installment	n.	gcide	a part of a broadcast serial
mealy	a.	gcide	having the qualities of meal
mealy	a.	gcide	resembling meal
mealy	a.	gcide	soft , dry , and friable
mealy	a.	gcide	easily reduced to a condition resembling meal
mealy	a.	gcide	overspread with something that resembles meal
informal	a.	gcide	not in the regular , usual , or established form
informal	a.	gcide	not according to official , conventional , prescribed , or customary forms or rules
informal	a.	gcide	irregular
informal	a.	gcide	without ceremony
toddy	n.	gcide	a juice drawn from various kinds of palms in the east indies
toddy	n.	gcide	a mixture of spirit and hot water sweetened
fee	n.	gcide	property
fee	n.	gcide	possession
fee	n.	gcide	tenure
fee	n.	gcide	reward or compensation for services rendered or to be rendered
fee	n.	gcide	payment for professional services of optional amount or fixed by custom or laws
fee	n.	gcide	charge
fee	n.	gcide	pay
fee	n.	gcide	perquisite
fee	n.	gcide	a right to the use of a superior ' s land , as a stipend for services to be performed
fee	n.	gcide	the land so held
fee	n.	gcide	a fief
fee	v. t.	gcide	to reward for services performed , or to be performed
fee	v. t.	gcide	to recompense
fee	v. t.	gcide	to hire or keep in hire
fee	v. t.	gcide	to bribe
legation	n.	gcide	a legate , or envoy , and the persons associated with him in his mission
legation	n.	gcide	an embassy
legation	n.	gcide	a deputation
legation	n.	gcide	the place of business or official residence of a diplomatic minister at a foreign court or seat of government
disjoint	a.	gcide	disjointed
disjoint	a.	gcide	unconnected
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to separate the joints of
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to separate , as parts united by joints
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to put out of joint
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to force out of its socket
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to dislocate
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to break where parts are united
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to break in pieces
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to break the natural order and relations of
disjoint	v. t.	gcide	to make incoherent
disjoint	v. i.	gcide	to fall in pieces
pictured	a.	gcide	furnished with pictures
pictured	a.	gcide	represented by a picture or pictures
edifice	n.	gcide	a building
edifice	n.	gcide	a structure
edifice	n.	gcide	an architectural fabric
harmful	a.	gcide	full of harm
harmful	a.	gcide	injurious
harmful	a.	gcide	hurtful
harmful	a.	gcide	mischievous
loyalty	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being loyal
loyalty	n.	gcide	fidelity to a superior , or to duty , love , etc
detrimental	a.	gcide	causing detriment
detrimental	a.	gcide	injurious
detrimental	a.	gcide	hurtful
seamy	a.	gcide	having a seam
seamy	a.	gcide	containing seams , or showing them
prey	n.	gcide	anything , as goods , etc
prey	n.	gcide	anything taken by force from an enemy in war
prey	n.	gcide	spoil
prey	n.	gcide	booty
prey	n.	gcide	plunder
prey	n.	gcide	a person given up as a victim
prey	n.	gcide	the act of devouring other creatures
prey	n.	gcide	ravage
prey	v. i.	gcide	to take booty
prey	v. i.	gcide	to gather spoil
prey	v. i.	gcide	to ravage
prey	v. i.	gcide	to take food by violence
quagmire	n.	gcide	soft , wet , miry land , which shakes or yields under the feet
necromancy	n.	gcide	the art of revealing future events by means of a pretended communication with the dead
necromancy	n.	gcide	the black art
necromancy	n.	gcide	magic in general
necromancy	n.	gcide	conjuration
necromancy	n.	gcide	enchantment
resent	v. t.	gcide	in a good sense , to take well
resent	v. t.	gcide	to receive with satisfaction
resent	v. t.	gcide	in a bad sense , to take ill
resent	v. t.	gcide	to consider as an injury or affront
resent	v. t.	gcide	to be indignant at
resent	v. t.	gcide	to express or exhibit displeasure or indignation at , as by words or acts
resent	v. i.	gcide	to feel resentment
adjacent	a.	gcide	lying near , close , or contiguous
adjacent	a.	gcide	neighboring
adjacent	a.	gcide	bordering on
trite	a.	gcide	worn out
trite	a.	gcide	common
trite	a.	gcide	used until so common as to have lost novelty and interest
trite	a.	gcide	hackneyed
trite	a.	gcide	stale
immediate	a.	gcide	not separated in respect to place by anything intervening
immediate	a.	gcide	proximate
immediate	a.	gcide	close
immediate	a.	gcide	not <unk> by an interval of time
immediate	a.	gcide	present
immediate	a.	gcide	instant
immediate	a.	gcide	acting with nothing interposed or between , or without the intervention of another object as a cause , means , or agency
immediate	a.	gcide	acting , perceived , or produced , directly
insistence	n.	gcide	the quality of insisting , or being urgent or pressing
insistence	n.	gcide	the act of dwelling upon as of special importance
insistence	n.	gcide	persistence
insistence	n.	gcide	urgency
bailment	n.	gcide	a delivery of goods or money by one person to another in trust , for some special purpose , upon a contract , expressed or implied , that the trust shall be faithfully executed
sermon	n.	gcide	specifically , a discourse delivered in public , usually by a clergyman , for the purpose of religious instruction and grounded on some text or passage of scripture
sermon	n.	gcide	a serious address
sermon	n.	gcide	a lecture on one ' s conduct or duty
sermon	n.	gcide	an exhortation or reproof
sermon	n.	gcide	a homily
sermon	v. t.	gcide	to tutor
sermon	v. t.	gcide	to lecture
detritus	n.	gcide	a mass of substances worn off from solid bodies by attrition , and reduced to small portions
detritus	n.	gcide	any fragments separated from the body to which they belonged
detritus	n.	gcide	any product of disintegration
slippage	n.	gcide	the act of slipping
slippage	n.	gcide	the amount of slipping
watery	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to water
watery	a.	gcide	consisting of water
watery	a.	gcide	abounding with water
watery	a.	gcide	wet
watery	a.	gcide	tearful
watery	a.	gcide	resembling water
watery	a.	gcide	thin or transparent , as a liquid
cabbage	n.	gcide	an esculent vegetable of many varieties , derived from the wild brassica oleracea of europe
cabbage	v. i.	gcide	to purloin or embezzle , as the pieces of cloth remaining after cutting out a garment
cabbage	v. i.	gcide	to pilfer
memory	n.	gcide	the faculty of the mind by which it retains the knowledge of previous thoughts , impressions , or events
memory	n.	gcide	the reach and positiveness with which a person can remember
memory	n.	gcide	the actual and distinct retention and recognition of past ideas in the mind
memory	n.	gcide	remembrance
infringement	n.	gcide	breach
infringement	n.	gcide	violation
infringement	n.	gcide	an encroachment on a patent , copyright , or other special privilege
infringement	n.	gcide	a trespass
abide	v. i.	gcide	to stay
abide	v. i.	gcide	to continue in a place
abide	v. i.	gcide	to have one ' s abode
abide	v. i.	gcide	to dwell
abide	v. i.	gcide	to sojourn
abide	v. i.	gcide	to remain stable or fixed in some state or condition
abide	v. i.	gcide	to continue
abide	v. i.	gcide	to remain
abide	v. t.	gcide	to wait for
abide	v. t.	gcide	to be prepared for
abide	v. t.	gcide	to await
abide	v. t.	gcide	to watch for
abide	v. t.	gcide	to endure
abide	v. t.	gcide	to sustain
abide	v. t.	gcide	to submit to
abide	v. t.	gcide	to bear patiently
abide	v. t.	gcide	to tolerate
abide	v. t.	gcide	to put up with
miscible	a.	gcide	capable of being mixed
miscible	a.	gcide	mixable
miscible	a.	gcide	mixable in all proportions
miscible	a.	gcide	forming a single phase when mixed in any proportion
opine	v. t.	gcide	to have an opinion
opine	v. t.	gcide	to judge
opine	v. t.	gcide	to think
opine	v. t.	gcide	to suppose
huddle	v. i.	gcide	to press together promiscuously , from confusion , apprehension , or the like
huddle	v. i.	gcide	to crowd together confusedly
huddle	v. i.	gcide	to press or hurry in disorder
huddle	v. i.	gcide	to crowd
huddle	v. t.	gcide	to crowd ( things ) together to mingle confusedly
huddle	v. t.	gcide	to assemble without order or system
huddle	v. t.	gcide	to do , make , or put , in haste or roughly
huddle	v. t.	gcide	to do imperfectly
huddle	n.	gcide	a crowd
huddle	n.	gcide	a number of persons or things crowded together in a confused manner
huddle	n.	gcide	tumult
huddle	n.	gcide	confusion
ungracious	a.	gcide	not gracious
ungracious	a.	gcide	showing no grace or kindness
ungracious	a.	gcide	being without good will
ungracious	a.	gcide	unfeeling
ungracious	a.	gcide	not well received
ungracious	a.	gcide	offensive
ungracious	a.	gcide	unacceptable
ungracious	a.	gcide	not favored
foster	v. t.	gcide	to feed
foster	v. t.	gcide	to nourish
foster	v. t.	gcide	to support
foster	v. t.	gcide	to bring up
foster	v. t.	gcide	to cherish
foster	v. t.	gcide	to promote the growth of
foster	v. t.	gcide	to encourage
foster	v. t.	gcide	to sustain and promote
foster	a.	gcide	relating to nourishment
foster	a.	gcide	affording , receiving , or sharing nourishment or nurture
catarrhal	a.	gcide	pertaining to , produced by , or attending , catarrh
catarrhal	a.	gcide	of the nature of catarrh
evolution	n.	gcide	any process of growth or development
rodent	a.	gcide	gnawing
rodent	a.	gcide	biting
rodent	a.	gcide	corroding
rodent	a.	gcide	med applied to a destructive variety of cancer or ulcer
rodent	a.	gcide	gnawing
bung	n.	gcide	the large stopper of the orifice in the bilge of a cask
bung	n.	gcide	the orifice in the bilge of a cask through which it is filled
bung	v. t.	gcide	to close
litterateur	n.	gcide	one who occupies himself with literature
litterateur	n.	gcide	a literary man
piling	n.	gcide	the act of heaping up
piling	n.	gcide	a series of piles
piling	n.	gcide	piles considered collectively
untidy	a.	gcide	not tidy or neat
untidy	a.	gcide	slovenly
debased	a.	gcide	turned upside down from its proper position
debased	a.	gcide	inverted
debased	a.	gcide	reversed
messiah	n.	gcide	the expected king and deliverer of the hebrews
messiah	n.	gcide	the savior
messiah	n.	gcide	christ
untimely	a.	gcide	not timely
untimely	a.	gcide	done or happening at an unnatural , unusual , or improper time
untimely	a.	gcide	unseasonable
untimely	a.	gcide	premature
untimely	a.	gcide	inopportune
untimely	adv.	gcide	out of the natural or usual time
untimely	adv.	gcide	prematurely
sheet	n.	gcide	in general , a large , broad piece of anything thin , as paper , cloth , etc
sheet	n.	gcide	a broad , thin portion of any substance
sheet	n.	gcide	an expanded superficies
sheet	n.	gcide	a broad piece of cloth , usually linen or cotton , used for wrapping the body or for a covering
sheet	n.	gcide	one used as an article of bedding next to the body
sheet	n.	gcide	a broad piece of paper , whether folded or unfolded , whether blank or written or printed upon
sheet	n.	gcide	a letter
sheet	n.	gcide	a newspaper , etc
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to check
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to hold back
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to restrain
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to hinder
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to forbid
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to prohibit
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to interdict
inhibit	v. t.	gcide	to cause the rate of ( a chemical or biochemical reaction ) to proceed slower , or to halt
doable	a.	gcide	capable of being done
identically	adv.	gcide	in an identical manner
identically	adv.	gcide	with respect to identity
statistically	adv.	gcide	in the way of statistics
loudness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being loud
caw	v. i.	gcide	to cry like a crow , rook , or raven
caw	n.	gcide	the cry made by the crow , rook , or raven
diametric	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a diameter
diametric	a.	gcide	as remote as possible , as if at the opposite end of a diameter
diametric	a.	gcide	directly adverse
sentimentalism	n.	gcide	the quality of being sentimental
sentimentalism	n.	gcide	the character or behavior of a <unk>
sentimentalism	n.	gcide	sentimentality
refit	v. t.	gcide	to fit or prepare for use again
refit	v. t.	gcide	to repair
refit	v. t.	gcide	to restore after damage or decay
refit	v. t.	gcide	to fit out or supply a second time
refit	v. i.	gcide	to obtain repairs or supplies
flintlock	n.	gcide	a lock for a gun or pistol , having a flint fixed in the hammer , which on striking the steel ignites the priming
flintlock	n.	gcide	the old - fashioned musket of european and other armies
ley	n.	gcide	law
ley	n.	gcide	grass or meadow land
ley	n.	gcide	a lea
candied	a.	gcide	preserved in or with sugar
candied	a.	gcide	converted wholly or partially into sugar or candy
serf	n.	gcide	a servant or slave employed in husbandry , and in some countries attached to the soil and transferred with it , as formerly in russia
readjust	v. t.	gcide	to adjust or settle again
readjust	v. t.	gcide	to put in a different order or relation
readjust	v. t.	gcide	to rearrange
reply	v. i.	gcide	to make a return in words or writing
reply	v. i.	gcide	to respond
reply	v. i.	gcide	to answer
reply	v. i.	gcide	to answer a defendant ' s plea
reply	v. i.	gcide	figuratively , to do something in return for something done
reply	v. t.	gcide	to return for an answer
reply	n.	gcide	that which is said , written , or done in answer to what is said , written , or done by another
reply	n.	gcide	an answer
reply	n.	gcide	a response
connote	v. t.	gcide	to mark along with
connote	v. t.	gcide	to suggest or indicate as additional
connote	v. t.	gcide	to designate by implication
connote	v. t.	gcide	to include in the meaning
connote	v. t.	gcide	to imply
connote	v. t.	gcide	to imply as an attribute
light	n.	gcide	that agent , force , or action in nature by the operation of which upon the organs of sight , objects are rendered visible or luminous
light	n.	gcide	day
light	n.	gcide	the dawn of day
light	a.	gcide	not dark or obscure
light	a.	gcide	bright
light	a.	gcide	clear
light	a.	gcide	white or whitish
light	a.	gcide	not intense or very marked
light	a.	gcide	not of a deep shade
light	a.	gcide	moderately colored
light	v. t.	gcide	to set fire to
light	v. t.	gcide	to cause to burn
light	v. t.	gcide	to set burning
light	v. t.	gcide	to ignite
light	v. t.	gcide	to kindle
light	v. t.	gcide	to illuminate
light	v. i.	gcide	to become ignited
light	v. i.	gcide	to take fire
light	v. i.	gcide	to be illuminated
light	v. i.	gcide	to brighten
light	a.	gcide	having little , or comparatively little , weight
light	a.	gcide	not tending to be the center of gravity with force
light	a.	gcide	not heavy
light	a.	gcide	not burdensome
light	a.	gcide	easy to be lifted , borne , or carried by physical strength
light	a.	gcide	easy to be endured or performed
light	a.	gcide	not severe
light	a.	gcide	not difficult
light	adv.	gcide	lightly
light	adv.	gcide	cheaply
light	v. i.	gcide	to dismount
light	v. i.	gcide	to descend , as from a horse or carriage
light	v. i.	gcide	to alight
light	v. i.	gcide	to descend from flight , and rest , perch , or settle , as a bird or insect
light	v. i.	gcide	to come down suddenly and forcibly
light	v. i.	gcide	to fall
shortcoming	n.	gcide	the act of falling , or coming short
shortcoming	n.	gcide	the failure of a crop , or the like
shortcoming	n.	gcide	neglect of , or failure in , performance of duty
steadily	adv.	gcide	in a steady manner
sketch	n.	gcide	an outline or general delineation of anything
sketch	n.	gcide	a first rough or incomplete draught or plan of any design
sketch	n.	gcide	in the fine arts such a representation of an object or scene as serves the artist ' s purpose by recording its chief features
sketch	n.	gcide	a preliminary study for an original work
sketch	v. t.	gcide	to draw the outline or chief features of
sketch	v. t.	gcide	to plan or describe by giving the principal points or ideas of
sketch	v. i.	gcide	to make sketches , as of landscapes
pray	v. i.	gcide	to make request with earnestness or zeal , as for something desired
pray	v. i.	gcide	to make entreaty or supplication
pray	v. i.	gcide	to offer prayer to a deity or divine being as a religious act
pray	v. i.	gcide	specifically , to address the supreme being with adoration , confession , supplication , and thanksgiving
pray	v. t.	gcide	to address earnest request to
pray	v. t.	gcide	to supplicate
pray	v. t.	gcide	to entreat
pray	v. t.	gcide	to implore
pray	v. t.	gcide	to beseech
pray	v. t.	gcide	to ask earnestly for
pray	v. t.	gcide	to seek to obtain by supplication
pray	v. t.	gcide	to entreat for
pray	v. t.	gcide	to effect or accomplish by praying
legality	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being legal
legality	n.	gcide	conformity to law
legality	n.	gcide	a conformity to , and resting upon , the letter of the law
torch	n.	gcide	a light or luminary formed of some combustible substance , as of resinous wood
badminton	n.	gcide	a preparation of claret , spiced and sweetened
suffuse	v. t.	gcide	to overspread , as with a fluid or tincture
suffuse	v. t.	gcide	to fill or cover , as with something fluid
juggle	v. i.	gcide	to play tricks by sleight of hand
juggle	v. i.	gcide	to cause amusement and sport by tricks of skill
juggle	v. i.	gcide	to conjure
juggle	v. i.	gcide	to practice artifice or imposture
juggle	v. t.	gcide	to deceive by trick or artifice
juggle	v. t.	gcide	to maintain ( several objects ) in continuous motion in the air at one time by tossing them up with one hand , catching them with the other hand , and passing them from the catching to the tossing hand
juggle	v. t.	gcide	variations on this basic motion are also used
juggle	v. t.	gcide	to alter ( financial records ) secretly for the purpose of theft or deception
juggle	n.	gcide	a trick by sleight of hand
juggle	n.	gcide	an imposture
juggle	n.	gcide	a deception
juggle	n.	gcide	a block of timber cut to a length , either in the round or split
damp	n.	gcide	moisture
damp	n.	gcide	humidity
damp	n.	gcide	fog
damp	n.	gcide	fogginess
damp	n.	gcide	vapor
damp	n.	gcide	dejection
damp	n.	gcide	depression
damp	n.	gcide	cloud of the mind
damp	n.	gcide	a gaseous product , formed in coal mines , old <unk> , pints , etc
damp	a.	gcide	being in a state between dry and wet
damp	a.	gcide	moderately wet
damp	a.	gcide	moist
damp	a.	gcide	humid
damp	v. i.	gcide	to moisten
damp	v. i.	gcide	to make humid , or moderately wet
damp	v. i.	gcide	to dampen
damp	v. i.	gcide	to put out , as fire
damp	v. i.	gcide	to depress or deject
damp	v. i.	gcide	to deaden
damp	v. i.	gcide	to cloud
damp	v. i.	gcide	to check or restrain , as action or vigor
damp	v. i.	gcide	to make dull
damp	v. i.	gcide	to weaken
damp	v. i.	gcide	to discourage
see	n.	gcide	the seat of episcopal power
see	n.	gcide	a diocese
see	n.	gcide	the jurisdiction of a bishop
see	n.	gcide	the seat of an archbishop
see	n.	gcide	a province or jurisdiction of an archbishop
see	n.	gcide	the seat , place , or office of the pope , or roman pontiff
see	v. t.	gcide	to perceive by the eye
see	v. t.	gcide	to have knowledge of the existence and apparent qualities of by the organs of sight
see	v. t.	gcide	to behold
see	v. t.	gcide	to view
see	v. t.	gcide	to perceive by mental vision
see	v. t.	gcide	to form an idea or conception of
see	v. t.	gcide	to note with the mind
see	v. t.	gcide	to observe
see	v. t.	gcide	to discern
see	v. t.	gcide	to distinguish
see	v. t.	gcide	to understand
see	v. t.	gcide	to comprehend
see	v. t.	gcide	to ascertain
see	v. t.	gcide	to follow with the eyes , or as with the eyes
see	v. t.	gcide	to watch
see	v. t.	gcide	to regard attentively
see	v. t.	gcide	to look after
see	v. i.	gcide	to have the power of sight , or of perceiving by the proper organs
see	v. i.	gcide	to possess or employ the sense of vision
see	v. i.	gcide	figuratively : to have intellectual apprehension
see	v. i.	gcide	to perceive
see	v. i.	gcide	to know
see	v. i.	gcide	to understand
see	v. i.	gcide	to discern
see	v. i.	gcide	to be attentive
see	v. i.	gcide	to take care
see	v. i.	gcide	to give heed
newcomer	n.	gcide	one who has lately come
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to put into confused motion
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to disturb
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to agitate
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to disturb
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to perplex
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to afflict
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to distress
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to grieve
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to fret
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to annoy
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to vex
trouble	v. t.	gcide	to give occasion for labor to
trouble	n.	gcide	the state of being troubled
trouble	n.	gcide	disturbance
trouble	n.	gcide	agitation
trouble	n.	gcide	uneasiness
trouble	n.	gcide	vexation
trouble	n.	gcide	calamity
trouble	n.	gcide	that which gives disturbance , annoyance , or vexation
trouble	n.	gcide	a fault or interruption in a stratum
gentleness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being gentle , well - born , mild , benevolent , docile , etc
gentleness	n.	gcide	gentility
gentleness	n.	gcide	softness of manners , disposition , etc
gentleness	n.	gcide	mildness
slumber	v. i.	gcide	to sleep
slumber	v. i.	gcide	to sleep lightly
slumber	v. i.	gcide	to doze
slumber	n.	gcide	sleep
slumber	n.	gcide	light sleep
slumber	n.	gcide	sleep that is not deep or sound
slumber	n.	gcide	repose
hernia	n.	gcide	a protrusion , consisting of an organ or part which has escaped from its natural cavity , and projects through some natural or accidental opening in the walls of the latter
open	a.	gcide	free of access
open	a.	gcide	not shut up
open	a.	gcide	not closed
open	a.	gcide	affording unobstructed ingress or egress
open	a.	gcide	not impeding or preventing passage
open	a.	gcide	not locked up or covered over
open	a.	gcide	to inclosed structures or objects
open	a.	gcide	to means of communication or approach by water or land
open	a.	gcide	free to be used , enjoyed , visited , or the like
open	a.	gcide	not private
open	a.	gcide	public
open	a.	gcide	unrestricted in use
open	a.	gcide	liable to the approach , trespass , or attack of any one
open	a.	gcide	unprotected
open	a.	gcide	exposed
open	a.	gcide	free or cleared of obstruction to progress or to view
open	a.	gcide	accessible
open	n.	gcide	clear land , without trees or obstructions
open	v. t.	gcide	to render free of access
open	v. t.	gcide	to unlock
open	v. t.	gcide	to remove any fastening or covering from
open	v. t.	gcide	to spread
open	v. t.	gcide	to expand
open	v. t.	gcide	to disclose
open	v. t.	gcide	to reveal
open	v. t.	gcide	to interpret
open	v. t.	gcide	to explain
open	v. i.	gcide	to form a hole , breach , or gap
open	v. i.	gcide	to be parted
open	v. i.	gcide	to expand
open	v. i.	gcide	to spread out
open	v. i.	gcide	to be disclosed
open	v. i.	gcide	to begin
open	v. i.	gcide	to commence
wantonness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being wanton
wantonness	n.	gcide	negligence of restraint
wantonness	n.	gcide	recklessness
directly	adv.	gcide	in a direct manner
directly	adv.	gcide	in a straight line or course
directly	adv.	gcide	in a straightforward way
directly	adv.	gcide	without anything intervening
directly	adv.	gcide	not by secondary , but by direct , means
directly	adv.	gcide	without circumlocution or ambiguity
directly	adv.	gcide	absolutely
directly	adv.	gcide	in express terms
raven	n.	gcide	a large black passerine bird , similar to the crow , but larger , and has a harsh , loud call
raven	a.	gcide	jet black
raven	n.	gcide	rapine
raven	n.	gcide	rapacity
raven	n.	gcide	prey
raven	n.	gcide	plunder
raven	n.	gcide	food obtained by violence
raven	v. t.	gcide	to obtain or seize by violence
raven	v. t.	gcide	to devour with great eagerness
raven	v. i.	gcide	to prey with rapacity
raven	v. i.	gcide	to be greedy
raven	v. i.	gcide	to show rapacity
pauper	n.	gcide	a very poor person
pauper	n.	gcide	one without any means of support , especially one dependent on private or public charity
lowliness	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being lowly
lowliness	n.	gcide	humility
lowliness	n.	gcide	humbleness of mind
lowliness	n.	gcide	low condition , especially as to manner of life
bray	v. t.	gcide	to pound , beat , rub , or grind small or fine
bray	v. i.	gcide	to utter a loud , harsh cry , as an ass
bray	v. i.	gcide	to make a harsh , grating , or discordant noise
bray	v. t.	gcide	to make or utter with a loud , discordant , or harsh and grating sound
bray	n.	gcide	the harsh cry of an ass
bray	n.	gcide	any harsh grating or discordant sound
sundry	a.	gcide	several
sundry	a.	gcide	divers
sundry	a.	gcide	more than one or two
sundry	a.	gcide	various
mechanically	adv.	gcide	in a mechanical manner
arsenic	n.	gcide	one of the elements , a solid substance resembling a metal in its physical properties , but in its chemical relations ranking with the <unk>
beholder	n.	gcide	a spectator
household	n.	gcide	those who dwell under the same roof and compose a family
household	a.	gcide	belonging to the house and family
household	a.	gcide	domestic
medullary	a.	gcide	pertaining to , consisting of , or resembling , marrow or medulla
medullary	a.	gcide	filled with spongy pith
medullary	a.	gcide	pithy
reconstruction	n.	gcide	the act of constructing again
ghat	n.	gcide	a pass through a mountain
ghat	n.	gcide	a range of mountains
ghat	n.	gcide	stairs descending to a river
ghat	n.	gcide	a landing place
ghat	n.	gcide	a wharf
prance	v. i.	gcide	to spring or bound , as a horse in high mettle
prance	v. i.	gcide	to ride in an ostentatious manner
prance	v. i.	gcide	to walk or strut about in a pompous , showy manner , or with warlike parade
bower	n.	gcide	one who bows or bends
bower	n.	gcide	an anchor carried at the bow of a ship
bower	n.	gcide	one of the two highest cards in the pack commonly used in the game of euchre
bower	n.	gcide	anciently , a chamber
bower	n.	gcide	a lodging room
bower	n.	gcide	a lady ' s private apartment
bower	n.	gcide	a rustic cottage or abode
bower	n.	gcide	poetically , an attractive abode or retreat
bower	n.	gcide	an arbor
bower	n.	gcide	a shady recess
bower	v. t.	gcide	to inclose
annual	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a year
annual	a.	gcide	returning every year
annual	a.	gcide	coming or happening once in the year
annual	a.	gcide	yearly
annual	a.	gcide	performed or accomplished in a year
annual	a.	gcide	reckoned by the year
annual	a.	gcide	lasting or continuing only one year or one growing season
annual	a.	gcide	requiring to be renewed every year
annual	n.	gcide	a thing happening or returning yearly
annual	n.	gcide	a literary work published once a year
annual	n.	gcide	anything , especially a plant , that lasts but one year or season
annual	n.	gcide	a mass for a deceased person or for some special object , said daily for a year or on the anniversary day
bumble	n.	gcide	the bittern
bumble	v. i.	gcide	to make a hollow or humming noise , like that of a <unk>
bumble	v. i.	gcide	to buzz
bumble	v. i.	gcide	to cry as a bittern
cantabile	a.	gcide	in a melodious , flowing style
cantabile	n.	gcide	a piece or passage , whether vocal or instrumental , peculiarly adapted to singing
determent	n.	gcide	the act of deterring
wrong	a.	gcide	not according to the laws of good morals , whether divine or human
wrong	a.	gcide	not suitable to the highest and best end
wrong	a.	gcide	not morally right
wrong	a.	gcide	deviating from rectitude or duty
wrong	a.	gcide	not just or equitable
wrong	a.	gcide	not true
wrong	a.	gcide	not legal
wrong	a.	gcide	not fit or suitable to an end or object
wrong	a.	gcide	not appropriate for an intended use
wrong	a.	gcide	not according to rule
wrong	a.	gcide	unsuitable
wrong	a.	gcide	improper
wrong	a.	gcide	incorrect
wrong	a.	gcide	not according to truth
wrong	a.	gcide	not conforming to fact or intent
wrong	a.	gcide	not right
wrong	a.	gcide	mistaken
wrong	a.	gcide	erroneous
wrong	adv.	gcide	not rightly
wrong	adv.	gcide	amiss
wrong	adv.	gcide	morally ill
wrong	adv.	gcide	erroneously
wrong	adv.	gcide	wrongly
wrong	n.	gcide	that which is not right
wrong	n.	gcide	nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority , divine or human
wrong	n.	gcide	deviation from duty
wrong	n.	gcide	deviation or departure from truth or fact
wrong	n.	gcide	state of falsity
wrong	n.	gcide	error
wrong	v. t.	gcide	to treat with injustice
wrong	v. t.	gcide	to deprive of some right , or to withhold some act of justice from
wrong	v. t.	gcide	to deal unjustly with
wrong	v. t.	gcide	to injure
wrong	v. t.	gcide	to impute evil to unjustly
tractable	a.	gcide	capable of being easily led , taught , or managed
tractable	a.	gcide	docile
tractable	a.	gcide	manageable
tractable	a.	gcide	governable
stillborn	a.	gcide	dead at the birth
stillborn	a.	gcide	abortive
seamless	a.	gcide	without a seam
vainglorious	a.	gcide	feeling or indicating vainglory
vainglorious	a.	gcide	elated by vanity
vainglorious	a.	gcide	boastful
prejudice	n.	gcide	an opinion or judgment formed without due examination
prejudice	n.	gcide	prejudgment
prejudice	n.	gcide	a leaning toward one side of a question from other considerations than those belonging to it
prejudice	n.	gcide	an unreasonable predilection for , or objection against , anything
prejudice	n.	gcide	an opinion or leaning adverse to anything without just grounds or before sufficient knowledge
prejudice	n.	gcide	a bias on the part of judge , juror , or witness which interferes with fairness of judgment
prejudice	n.	gcide	mischief
prejudice	n.	gcide	hurt
prejudice	n.	gcide	damage
prejudice	n.	gcide	injury
prejudice	n.	gcide	detriment
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	to <unk> with opinions formed without due knowledge or examination
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	to bias the mind of , by hasty and incorrect notions
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	to give an unreasonable bent to , as to one side or the other of a cause
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	to obstruct or injure by prejudices , or by previous bias of the mind
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	generally to hurt
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	to damage
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	to injure
prejudice	v. t.	gcide	to impair
keratin	n.	gcide	a sulfur - containing fibrous protein constituting the main structural protein of hard epidermal tissues , such as horn , hair , feathers , nails , claws , hoofs , and the like
doze	v. i.	gcide	to slumber
doze	v. i.	gcide	to sleep lightly
doze	v. i.	gcide	to be in a dull or stupefied condition , as if half asleep
doze	v. i.	gcide	to be drowsy
doze	v. t.	gcide	to pass or spend in drowsiness
doze	n.	gcide	a light sleep
doze	n.	gcide	a drowse
larboard	n.	gcide	the left - hand side of a ship to one on board facing toward the bow
larboard	n.	gcide	port
larboard	a.	gcide	on or pertaining to the left - hand side of a vessel
larboard	a.	gcide	port
passage	n.	gcide	the act of passing
passage	n.	gcide	transit from one place to another
passage	n.	gcide	movement from point to point
passage	n.	gcide	a going by , over , across , or through
passage	n.	gcide	transit by means of conveyance
passage	n.	gcide	journey , as by water , carriage , car , or the like
passage	n.	gcide	travel
passage	n.	gcide	right , liberty , or means , of passing
passage	n.	gcide	conveyance
passage	n.	gcide	price paid for the liberty to pass
passage	n.	gcide	fare
stout	a.	gcide	strong
stout	a.	gcide	lusty
stout	a.	gcide	vigorous
stout	a.	gcide	robust
stout	a.	gcide	sinewy
stout	a.	gcide	muscular
stout	a.	gcide	firm
stout	a.	gcide	resolute
stout	a.	gcide	dauntless
stout	a.	gcide	firm
stout	a.	gcide	tough
stout	a.	gcide	materially strong
stout	a.	gcide	enduring
stout	a.	gcide	large
stout	a.	gcide	bulky
stout	a.	gcide	corpulent
stout	n.	gcide	a strong , dark malt brew having a higher percentage of hops than porter
stout	n.	gcide	strong porter
stout	n.	gcide	a popular variety sold in the u
activeness	n.	gcide	the quality of being active
activeness	n.	gcide	nimbleness
activeness	n.	gcide	quickness of motion
activeness	n.	gcide	activity
mellow	a.	gcide	soft or tender by reason of ripeness
mellow	a.	gcide	having a tender pulp
mellow	a.	gcide	easily worked or penetrated
mellow	a.	gcide	not hard or rigid
mellow	a.	gcide	not coarse , rough , or harsh
mellow	a.	gcide	subdued
mellow	a.	gcide	soft
mellow	a.	gcide	rich
mellow	a.	gcide	delicate
gore	n.	gcide	blood
gore	n.	gcide	blood that after effusion has become thick or clotted
gore	v. t.	gcide	to pierce or wound , as with a horn
gore	v. t.	gcide	to penetrate with a pointed instrument , as a spear
gore	v. t.	gcide	to stab
distend	v. t.	gcide	to stretch out or extend in all directions
distend	v. t.	gcide	to dilate
distend	v. t.	gcide	to enlarge , as by elasticity of parts
distend	v. t.	gcide	to inflate so as to produce tension
distend	v. t.	gcide	to cause to swell
distend	v. i.	gcide	to become expanded or inflated
distend	v. i.	gcide	to swell
danish	a.	gcide	belonging to the danes , or to their language or country
presidential	a.	gcide	presiding or watching over
presidential	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a president
shod	imp.	gcide	f shoe
shrewish	a.	gcide	having the qualities of a shrew
shrewish	a.	gcide	having a scolding disposition
shrewish	a.	gcide	froward
shrewish	a.	gcide	peevish
peavey	n.	gcide	a cant hook having the end of its lever armed with a spike
peavey	n.	gcide	it is used for handling logs
inaccuracy	n.	gcide	the quality of being inaccurate
inaccuracy	n.	gcide	lack of accuracy or exactness
inaccuracy	n.	gcide	that which is inaccurate or incorrect
inaccuracy	n.	gcide	mistake
inaccuracy	n.	gcide	fault
inaccuracy	n.	gcide	defect
inaccuracy	n.	gcide	error
beseeching	a.	gcide	entreating urgently
beseeching	a.	gcide	imploring
impound	v. t.	gcide	to shut up or place in an inclosure called a pound
impound	v. t.	gcide	to hold in the custody of some authority such as police or a court
apportionment	n.	gcide	the act of apportioning
apportionment	n.	gcide	a dividing into just proportions or shares
apportionment	n.	gcide	a division or shares
apportionment	n.	gcide	a division and assignment , to each proprietor , of his just portion of an undivided right or property
pastorate	n.	gcide	the office , state , or jurisdiction of a pastor
rowboat	n.	gcide	a boat designed to be propelled by oars instead of sails
shift	v. t.	gcide	to change the place of
shift	v. t.	gcide	to move or remove from one place to another
shift	v. t.	gcide	to change the position of
shift	v. t.	gcide	to alter the bearings of
shift	v. t.	gcide	to turn
shift	v. t.	gcide	to exchange for another of the same class
shift	v. t.	gcide	to remove and to put some similar thing in its place
shift	v. t.	gcide	to change
shift	v. i.	gcide	to make a change or changes
shift	v. i.	gcide	to change position
shift	v. i.	gcide	to move
shift	v. i.	gcide	to veer
shift	v. i.	gcide	to substitute one thing for another
shift	v. i.	gcide	to resort to expedients for accomplishing a purpose
shift	v. i.	gcide	to contrive
shift	v. i.	gcide	to manage
shift	v. i.	gcide	to practice indirect or evasive methods
shift	n.	gcide	the act of putting one thing in the place of another , or of changing the place of a thing
shift	n.	gcide	change
shift	n.	gcide	substitution
shift	n.	gcide	a woman ' s under - garment
shift	n.	gcide	a chemise
shift	n.	gcide	the change of one set of workmen for another
shift	n.	gcide	a spell or turn of work
shift	n.	gcide	a set of workmen who work in turn with other sets
productivity	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being productive
productivity	n.	gcide	productiveness
amaze	v. t.	gcide	to confound , as by fear , wonder , extreme surprise
amaze	v. t.	gcide	to overwhelm with wonder
amaze	v. t.	gcide	to astound
amaze	v. t.	gcide	to astonish greatly
amaze	v. t.	gcide	bewilderment , arising from fear , surprise , or wonder
amaze	v. t.	gcide	amazement
visit	v. t.	gcide	to go or come to see , as for the purpose of friendship , business , curiosity , etc
visit	v. t.	gcide	to attend
visit	v. t.	gcide	to call upon
visit	v. t.	gcide	to go or come to see for inspection , examination , correction of abuses , etc
visit	v. t.	gcide	to examine , to inspect
visit	v. t.	gcide	to come upon with reward or retribution
visit	v. t.	gcide	to appear before or judge
visit	v. i.	gcide	to maintain visiting relations
visit	v. i.	gcide	to practice calling on others
visit	n.	gcide	the act of visiting , or going to see a person or thing
visit	n.	gcide	a brief stay of business , friendship , ceremony , curiosity , or the like , usually longer than a call
visit	n.	gcide	the act of going to view or inspect
visit	n.	gcide	an official or formal inspection
visit	n.	gcide	examination
visit	n.	gcide	visitation
ribbed	a.	gcide	furnished or formed with ribs
underhand	a.	gcide	secret
underhand	a.	gcide	clandestine
underhand	a.	gcide	mean
underhand	a.	gcide	unfair
underhand	a.	gcide	fraudulent
underhand	a.	gcide	done , as pitching , with the hand lower than the shoulder , or , as bowling , with the hand lower than the elbow
underhand	adv.	gcide	by secret means
underhand	adv.	gcide	in a clandestine manner
underhand	adv.	gcide	by fraud
underhand	adv.	gcide	unfairly
underhand	adv.	gcide	dishonorably
underhand	adv.	gcide	thrown with the hand no higher than the shoulder and the palm turned upward during part of the pitch
thrombus	n.	gcide	a clot of blood formed of a passage of a vessel and remaining at the site of coagulation
thrombus	n.	gcide	a tumor produced by the escape of blood into the subcutaneous cellular tissue
juvenility	n.	gcide	adolescence
juvenility	n.	gcide	the manners or character of youth
juvenility	n.	gcide	immaturity
comprehensively	adv.	gcide	in a comprehensive manner
comprehensively	adv.	gcide	with great extent of scope
punishable	a.	gcide	deserving of , or liable to , punishment
punishable	a.	gcide	capable of being <unk> by law or right
tinning	n.	gcide	the act , art , or process of covering or coating anything with melted tin , or with tin foil , as kitchen utensils , locks , and the like
tinning	n.	gcide	the covering or lining of tin thus put on
props	n. pl.	gcide	a game of chance , in which four sea shells , each called a prop , are used instead of dice
percolate	v. t.	gcide	to cause to pass through fine interstices , as a liquor
percolate	v. t.	gcide	to filter
percolate	v. t.	gcide	to strain
percolate	v. i.	gcide	to pass through fine interstices
percolate	v. i.	gcide	to filter
proneness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being prone , or of bending downward
proneness	n.	gcide	the state of lying with the face down
proneness	n.	gcide	descent
proneness	n.	gcide	declivity
mourning	n.	gcide	the act of <unk> or expressing grief
mourning	n.	gcide	lamentation
mourning	n.	gcide	sorrow
mourning	a.	gcide	grieving
mourning	a.	gcide	lamenting
mourning	a.	gcide	employed to express sorrow or grief
mourning	a.	gcide	worn or used as appropriate to the condition of one bereaved or <unk>
sideways	adv.	gcide	toward the side
sideways	adv.	gcide	sidewise
romance	n.	gcide	any fictitious and wonderful tale
romance	n.	gcide	a sort of novel , especially one which treats of surprising adventures usually <unk> a hero or a heroine
romance	n.	gcide	a tale of extravagant adventures , of love , and the like
romance	n.	gcide	an adventure , or series of extraordinary events , resembling those narrated in <unk>
romance	n.	gcide	a dreamy , imaginative habit of mind
romance	n.	gcide	a disposition to ignore what is real
romance	v. i.	gcide	to write or tell <unk>
romance	v. i.	gcide	to indulge in extravagant stories
restriction	n.	gcide	the act of restricting , or state of being restricted
restriction	n.	gcide	confinement within limits or bounds
restriction	n.	gcide	that which restricts
restriction	n.	gcide	limitation
restriction	n.	gcide	restraint
harm	n.	gcide	injury
harm	n.	gcide	hurt
harm	n.	gcide	damage
harm	n.	gcide	detriment
harm	n.	gcide	misfortune
harm	n.	gcide	that which causes injury , damage , or loss
harm	v. t.	gcide	to hurt
harm	v. t.	gcide	to injure
harm	v. t.	gcide	to damage
harm	v. t.	gcide	to wrong
unction	n.	gcide	the act of anointing , smearing , or rubbing with an unguent , oil , or ointment , especially for medical purposes , or as a symbol of consecration
unction	n.	gcide	that which is used for anointing
unction	n.	gcide	an unguent
unction	n.	gcide	an ointment
unction	n.	gcide	that quality in language , address , or the like , which excites emotion
unction	n.	gcide	strong devotion
unction	n.	gcide	religious fervor and tenderness
unction	n.	gcide	sometimes , a simulated , factitious , or unnatural fervor
blasphemous	a.	gcide	speaking or writing blasphemy
blasphemous	a.	gcide	uttering or exhibiting anything <unk> irreverent
blasphemous	a.	gcide	profane
blasphemous	a.	gcide	containing blasphemy
solitaire	n.	gcide	a person who lives in solitude
solitaire	n.	gcide	a recluse
solitaire	n.	gcide	a hermit
solitaire	n.	gcide	a single diamond in a setting
solitaire	n.	gcide	sometimes a precious stone of any kind set alone
solitaire	n.	gcide	a game which one person can play alone
solitaire	n.	gcide	to a game played on a board with pegs or balls in which the object is beginning with all the places filled except one to remove all but one of the pieces by “ jumping ” as in draughts
vital	a.	gcide	belonging or relating to life , either animal or vegetable
vital	a.	gcide	contributing to life
vital	a.	gcide	necessary to , or supporting , life
vital	a.	gcide	containing life
vital	a.	gcide	living
settle	n.	gcide	a bench
settle	n.	gcide	a bench with a high back
settle	n.	gcide	a place made lower than the rest
settle	n.	gcide	a wide step or platform lower than some other part
settle	v. t.	gcide	to place in a fixed or permanent condition
settle	v. t.	gcide	to make firm , steady , or stable
settle	v. t.	gcide	to establish
settle	v. t.	gcide	to fix
settle	v. t.	gcide	to establish in life
settle	v. t.	gcide	to fix in business , in a home , or the like
settle	v. t.	gcide	to establish in the pastoral office
settle	v. t.	gcide	to ordain or install as pastor or rector of a church , society , or parish
settle	v. t.	gcide	to cause to be no longer in a disturbed condition
settle	v. t.	gcide	to render quiet
settle	v. t.	gcide	to still
settle	v. t.	gcide	to calm
settle	v. t.	gcide	to compose
settle	v. i.	gcide	to become fixed or permanent
settle	v. i.	gcide	to become stationary
settle	v. i.	gcide	to establish one ' s self or itself
settle	v. i.	gcide	to assume a lasting form , condition , direction , or the like , in place of a temporary or changing state
settle	v. i.	gcide	to fix one ' s residence
settle	v. i.	gcide	to establish a dwelling place or home
settle	v. i.	gcide	to enter into the married state , or the state of a householder
wax	v. i.	gcide	to increase in size
wax	v. i.	gcide	to grow bigger
wax	v. i.	gcide	to become larger or fuller
wax	v. i.	gcide	to pass from one state to another
wax	v. i.	gcide	to become
wax	v. i.	gcide	to grow
wax	n.	gcide	a fatty , solid substance , produced by bees , and employed by them in the construction of their comb
alloy	n.	gcide	any combination or compound of metals fused together
alloy	n.	gcide	a mixture of metals
alloy	n.	gcide	the quality , or comparative purity , of gold or silver
alloy	n.	gcide	fineness
alloy	n.	gcide	a <unk> metal mixed with a finer
alloy	v. t.	gcide	to reduce the purity of by mixing with a less valuable substance
alloy	v. t.	gcide	to mix , as metals , so as to form a compound
alloy	v. t.	gcide	to abate , impair , or debase by mixture
alloy	v. t.	gcide	to allay
alloy	v. t.	gcide	to form a metallic compound
flask	n.	gcide	a small bottle - shaped vessel for holding fluids
flask	n.	gcide	a narrow - necked vessel of metal or glass , used for various purposes
flask	n.	gcide	as of sheet metal , to carry gunpowder in
flask	n.	gcide	of wrought iron , to contain quicksilver
flask	n.	gcide	of glass , to heat water in , etc
flask	n.	gcide	the wooden or iron frame which holds the sand , etc
flask	n.	gcide	it consists of two or more parts
flask	n.	gcide	viz
flask	n.	gcide	sometimes , the cheeks , or middle part
flask	n.	gcide	and the drag , or bottom part
unreason	n.	gcide	want of reason
unreason	n.	gcide	absurdity
similar	a.	gcide	exactly corresponding
similar	a.	gcide	resembling in all respects
similar	a.	gcide	precisely like
similar	a.	gcide	nearly corresponding
similar	a.	gcide	resembling in many respects
similar	a.	gcide	somewhat like
similar	a.	gcide	having a general likeness
clang	v. t.	gcide	to strike together so as to produce a ringing metallic sound
clang	v. i.	gcide	to resound
clang	n.	gcide	quality of tone
watcher	n.	gcide	one who watches
watcher	n.	gcide	one who sits up or continues
watcher	n.	gcide	a diligent observer
watcher	n.	gcide	specifically , one who attends upon the sick during the night
miasma	n.	gcide	infectious particles or germs floating in the air
miasma	n.	gcide	air made noxious by the presence of such particles or germs
miasma	n.	gcide	malaria
subsidize	v. t.	gcide	to furnish with a subsidy
subsidize	v. t.	gcide	to purchase the assistance of by the payment of a subsidy
subsidize	v. t.	gcide	to aid or promote , as a private enterprise , with public money
dusty	a.	gcide	filled , covered , or sprinkled with dust
dusty	a.	gcide	clouded with dust
dusty	a.	gcide	reducing to dust
dusty	a.	gcide	like dust
dusty	a.	gcide	of the color of dust
homeopathy	n.	gcide	the art of curing , founded on resemblances
indulgent	a.	gcide	prone to indulge
indulgent	a.	gcide	yielding to the wishes , humor , or appetites of those under one ' s care
indulgent	a.	gcide	compliant
indulgent	a.	gcide	not opposing or restraining
indulgent	a.	gcide	tolerant
indulgent	a.	gcide	mild
indulgent	a.	gcide	favorable
indulgent	a.	gcide	not severe
stamen	n.	gcide	a thread
stamen	n.	gcide	a warp thread
stamen	n.	gcide	the male organ of flowers for secreting and furnishing the pollen or fecundating dust
emancipate	v. t.	gcide	to set free from the power of another
emancipate	v. t.	gcide	to liberate
emancipate	v. t.	gcide	as : to set free , as a minor from a parent
emancipate	v. t.	gcide	to give freedom to
emancipate	v. t.	gcide	to free from any controlling influence , especially from anything which exerts undue or evil influence
emancipate	a.	gcide	set at liberty
boundary	n.	gcide	that which indicates or fixes a limit or extent , or marks a bound , as of a territory
boundary	n.	gcide	a bounding or separating line
boundary	n.	gcide	a real or imaginary limit
salon	n.	gcide	an apartment for the reception of company
salon	n.	gcide	in the plural fashionable parties
salon	n.	gcide	circles of fashionable society
salon	n.	gcide	an apartment for the reception and exhibition of works of art
salon	n.	gcide	an annual exhibition of paintings sculptures etc
maxim	n.	gcide	an established principle or proposition
maxim	n.	gcide	a condensed proposition of important practical truth
maxim	n.	gcide	an axiom of practical wisdom
maxim	n.	gcide	an adage
maxim	n.	gcide	a proverb
maxim	n.	gcide	an aphorism
maxim	n.	gcide	a large
deuce	n.	gcide	two
deuce	n.	gcide	a card or a die with two spots
deuce	n.	gcide	the devil
deuce	n.	gcide	a demon
aim	v. i.	gcide	to point or direct a missile weapon , or a weapon which propels as missile , towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it
aim	v. i.	gcide	to direct the <unk> or purpose
aim	v. i.	gcide	to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose
aim	v. i.	gcide	to try to gain
aim	v. i.	gcide	to endeavor
aim	v. t.	gcide	to direct or point , as a weapon , at a particular object
aim	v. t.	gcide	to direct , as a missile , an act , or a proceeding , at , to , or against an object
aim	n.	gcide	the pointing of a weapon , as a gun , a dart , or an arrow , in the line of direction with the object intended to be struck
aim	n.	gcide	the line of fire
aim	n.	gcide	the direction of anything , as a spear , a blow , a discourse , a remark , towards a particular point or object , with a view to strike or affect it
aim	n.	gcide	the point intended to be hit , or object intended to be attained or affected
aim	n.	gcide	intention
aim	n.	gcide	purpose
aim	n.	gcide	design
aim	n.	gcide	scheme
wage	v. t.	gcide	to pledge
wage	v. t.	gcide	to hazard on the event of a contest
wage	v. t.	gcide	to stake
wage	v. t.	gcide	to bet , to lay
wage	v. t.	gcide	to wager
wage	v. t.	gcide	to expose one ' s self to , as a risk
wage	v. t.	gcide	to incur , as a danger
wage	v. t.	gcide	to venture
wage	v. t.	gcide	to hazard
wage	v. t.	gcide	to engage in , as a contest , as if by previous gage or pledge
wage	v. t.	gcide	to carry on , as a war
wage	n.	gcide	that for which one labors
wage	n.	gcide	meed
wage	n.	gcide	reward
wage	n.	gcide	stipulated payment for service performed
wage	n.	gcide	hire
wage	n.	gcide	pay
wage	n.	gcide	compensation
camisole	n.	gcide	a short dressing jacket for women
precise	a.	gcide	exactly or sharply defined or stated
precise	a.	gcide	definite
precise	a.	gcide	exact
precise	a.	gcide	nice
precise	a.	gcide	not vague or equivocal
precise	a.	gcide	strictly adhering or conforming to rule
precise	a.	gcide	very nice or exact
precise	a.	gcide	punctilious in conduct or ceremony
precise	a.	gcide	formal
precise	a.	gcide	ceremonious
admissibility	n.	gcide	the quality of being admissible
conundrum	n.	gcide	a kind of riddle based upon some fanciful or fantastic resemblance between things quite unlike
conundrum	n.	gcide	a puzzling question , of which the answer is or involves a pun
conundrum	n.	gcide	a question to which only a conjectural answer can be made
halogen	n.	gcide	chlorine fluorine bromine and iodine
halogen	n.	gcide	sometimes , also cyanogen
gaucherie	n.	gcide	an awkward action
gaucherie	n.	gcide	clumsiness
availability	n.	gcide	the quality of being available
availability	n.	gcide	that which is available
exalted	a.	gcide	raised to lofty height
exalted	a.	gcide	elevated
exalted	a.	gcide	refined
exalted	a.	gcide	dignified
exalted	a.	gcide	sublime
russet	a.	gcide	of a reddish brown color , or ( by some called ) a red gray
russet	a.	gcide	of the color composed of blue , red , and yellow in equal strength , but unequal proportions , namely , two parts of red to one each of blue and yellow
russet	a.	gcide	of a yellowish brown color
russet	n.	gcide	a country dress
faded	a.	gcide	that has lost freshness , color , or brightness
faded	a.	gcide	grown dim
conversational	a.	gcide	pertaining to conversation
conversational	a.	gcide	in the manner of one conversing
perseverance	n.	gcide	the act of persevering
perseverance	n.	gcide	persistence in anything undertaken
perseverance	n.	gcide	continued pursuit or prosecution of any business , or enterprise begun
perseverance	n.	gcide	continuance in a state of grace until it is succeeded by a state of glory
pederasty	n.	gcide	sexual activity between two males
pederasty	n.	gcide	sodomy
pederasty	n.	gcide	the “ crime against nature “
testy	a.	gcide	fretful
testy	a.	gcide	peevish
testy	a.	gcide	petulant
testy	a.	gcide	easily irritated
heckle	n.	gcide	same as hackle
regression	n.	gcide	the act of passing back or returning
regression	n.	gcide	retrogression
tangible	a.	gcide	perceptible to the touch
tangible	a.	gcide	tactile
tangible	a.	gcide	palpable
tangible	a.	gcide	capable of being possessed or realized
tangible	a.	gcide	readily apprehensible by the mind
tangible	a.	gcide	real
tangible	a.	gcide	substantial
tangible	a.	gcide	evident
tungsten	n.	gcide	a rare element of the chromium group found in certain minerals , as wolfram and scheelite , and isolated as a heavy steel - gray metal which is very hard and infusible
beef	n.	gcide	an animal of the genus bos , especially the common species , bos <unk> , including the bull , cow , and ox , in their full grown state
beef	n.	gcide	an ox or cow fattened for food
beef	n.	gcide	applied colloquially to human flesh
felon	n.	gcide	a person who has committed a felony
felon	n.	gcide	a person guilty or capable of heinous crime
felon	a.	gcide	malignant
felon	a.	gcide	fierce
felon	a.	gcide	malicious
felon	a.	gcide	cruel
felon	a.	gcide	traitorous
felon	a.	gcide	disloyal
sleepwalker	n.	gcide	one who walks in his sleep
sleepwalker	n.	gcide	a somnambulist
wastrel	n.	gcide	waste land or common land
wastrel	n.	gcide	a profligate
wastrel	n.	gcide	a neglected child
wastrel	n.	gcide	a street arab
companionable	a.	gcide	fitted to be a companion
companionable	a.	gcide	fit for good fellowship
companionable	a.	gcide	agreeable
companionable	a.	gcide	sociable
whorl	n.	gcide	a circle of two or more leaves , flowers , or other organs , about the same part or joint of a stem
whorl	n.	gcide	a volution , or turn , of the spire of a univalve shell
whorl	n.	gcide	the fly of a spindle
watercourse	n.	gcide	one of the holes in floor or other plates to permit water to flow through
flatness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being flat
flatness	n.	gcide	want of relief or prominence
flatness	n.	gcide	the state of being plane or level
flatness	n.	gcide	want of vivacity or spirit
flatness	n.	gcide	prostration
flatness	n.	gcide	dejection
flatness	n.	gcide	depression
abase	v. t.	gcide	to cast down or reduce low or lower , as in rank , office , condition in life , or estimation of worthiness
abase	v. t.	gcide	to depress
abase	v. t.	gcide	to humble
abase	v. t.	gcide	to degrade
dexterity	n.	gcide	readiness and grace in physical activity
dexterity	n.	gcide	skill and ease in using the hands
dexterity	n.	gcide	expertness in manual acts
dexterity	n.	gcide	readiness in the use or control of the mental powers
dexterity	n.	gcide	quickness and skill in managing any complicated or difficult affair
dexterity	n.	gcide	adroitness
diapason	n.	gcide	the octave , or interval which includes all the tones of the diatonic scale
diapason	n.	gcide	concord , as of notes an octave apart
diapason	n.	gcide	harmony
diapason	n.	gcide	the entire compass of tones
diapason	n.	gcide	the entire compass of tones of a voice or an instrument
repletion	n.	gcide	the state of being replete
repletion	n.	gcide	superabundant fullness
repletion	n.	gcide	fullness of blood
repletion	n.	gcide	plethora
loamy	a.	gcide	consisting of loam
loamy	a.	gcide	partaking of the nature of loam
loamy	a.	gcide	resembling loam
discontinuity	n.	gcide	want of continuity or cohesion
discontinuity	n.	gcide	disunion of parts
drag	v. t.	gcide	to draw slowly or heavily onward
drag	v. t.	gcide	to pull along the ground by main force
drag	v. t.	gcide	to haul
drag	v. t.	gcide	to trail
drag	v. t.	gcide	to harrow
drag	v. t.	gcide	to draw along , as something burdensome
drag	v. t.	gcide	to pass in pain or with difficulty
drag	v. i.	gcide	to be drawn along , as a rope or dress , on the ground
drag	v. i.	gcide	to trail
drag	v. i.	gcide	to be moved onward along the ground , or along the bottom of the sea , as an anchor that does not hold
drag	v. i.	gcide	to move onward heavily , laboriously , or slowly
drag	v. i.	gcide	to advance with weary effort
drag	v. i.	gcide	to serve as a clog or hindrance
drag	v. i.	gcide	to hold back
drag	n.	gcide	the act of dragging
drag	n.	gcide	anything which is dragged
drag	n.	gcide	a net , or an apparatus , to be drawn along the bottom under water , as in fishing , searching for <unk> persons , etc
drag	n.	gcide	a kind of sledge for conveying heavy bodies
drag	n.	gcide	a kind of low car or handcart
diversification	n.	gcide	the act of making various , or of changing form or quality
diversification	n.	gcide	state of diversity or variation
diversification	n.	gcide	variegation
diversification	n.	gcide	modification
diversification	n.	gcide	change
diversification	n.	gcide	alternation
ticklish	a.	gcide	sensible to slight touches
ticklish	a.	gcide	standing so as to be liable to totter and fall at the slightest touch
ticklish	a.	gcide	unfixed
ticklish	a.	gcide	easily affected
ticklish	a.	gcide	unstable
ticklish	a.	gcide	difficult
ticklish	a.	gcide	nice
ticklish	a.	gcide	critical
faster	n.	gcide	one who abstains from food
oft	adv.	gcide	often
oft	adv.	gcide	frequently
oft	adv.	gcide	not rarely
oft	adv.	gcide	many times
oft	a.	gcide	frequent
oft	a.	gcide	often
oft	a.	gcide	repeated
accomplishment	n.	gcide	the act of accomplishing
accomplishment	n.	gcide	entire performance
accomplishment	n.	gcide	completion
accomplishment	n.	gcide	fulfillment
accomplishment	n.	gcide	acquirement
accomplishment	n.	gcide	attainment
accomplishment	n.	gcide	that which constitutes excellence of mind , or elegance of manners , acquired by education or training
infinitely	adv.	gcide	without bounds or limits
infinitely	adv.	gcide	beyond or below assignable limits
infinitely	adv.	gcide	very
infinitely	adv.	gcide	exceedingly
infinitely	adv.	gcide	vastly
infinitely	adv.	gcide	highly
infinitely	adv.	gcide	extremely
telling	a.	gcide	operating with great effect
telling	a.	gcide	effective
persuasion	n.	gcide	the act of persuading
persuasion	n.	gcide	the act of influencing the mind by arguments or reasons offered , or by anything that moves the mind or passions , or inclines the will to a determination
persuasion	n.	gcide	the state of being persuaded or convinced
persuasion	n.	gcide	settled opinion or conviction , which has been induced
persuasion	n.	gcide	a creed or belief
persuasion	n.	gcide	a sect or party adhering to a certain creed or system of opinions
gin	n.	gcide	a strong alcoholic liquor , distilled from rye and barley , and flavored with juniper berries
gin	n.	gcide	contrivance
gin	n.	gcide	artifice
gin	n.	gcide	a trap
gin	n.	gcide	a snare
gin	n.	gcide	a machine for raising or moving heavy weights , consisting of a tripod formed of poles united at the top , with a windlass , <unk> , ropes , etc
gin	n.	gcide	a hoisting drum , usually vertical
gin	n.	gcide	a whim
gin	v. t.	gcide	to clear of seeds by a machine
preferably	adv.	gcide	in preference
preferably	adv.	gcide	by choice
clergyman	n.	gcide	an ordained minister
clergyman	n.	gcide	a man regularly authorized to preach the gospel , and administer its ordinances
clergyman	n.	gcide	in england usually restricted to a minister of the established church
divider	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , divides
divider	n.	gcide	that which separates anything into parts
divider	n.	gcide	one who deals out to each his share
divider	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , causes division
torrid	a.	gcide	parched
torrid	a.	gcide	dried with heat
torrid	a.	gcide	drying or scorching with heat
torrid	a.	gcide	burning
unfit	v. t.	gcide	to make unsuitable or incompetent
unfit	v. t.	gcide	to deprive of the strength , skill , or proper qualities for anything
unfit	v. t.	gcide	to disable
unfit	v. t.	gcide	to incapacitate
unfit	v. t.	gcide	to disqualify
unfit	a.	gcide	not fit
unfit	a.	gcide	unsuitable
exceeding	a.	gcide	more than usual
exceeding	a.	gcide	extraordinary
exceeding	a.	gcide	more than sufficient
exceeding	a.	gcide	measureless
incriminate	v. t.	gcide	to accuse
incriminate	v. t.	gcide	to charge with a crime or fault
cross	n.	gcide	the symbol of christ ' s death
cross	n.	gcide	trial
cross	n.	gcide	disappointment
cross	n.	gcide	opposition
cross	n.	gcide	misfortune
cross	a.	gcide	not parallel
cross	a.	gcide	lying or falling athwart
cross	a.	gcide	transverse
cross	a.	gcide	oblique
cross	a.	gcide	intersecting
cross	a.	gcide	not accordant with what is <unk> or expected
cross	a.	gcide	interrupting
cross	a.	gcide	adverse
cross	a.	gcide	contrary
cross	a.	gcide	thwarting
cross	a.	gcide	perverse
cross	a.	gcide	characterized by , or in a state of , peevishness , fretfulness , or ill humor
cross	v. t.	gcide	to put across or athwart
cross	v. t.	gcide	to cause to intersect
cross	v. t.	gcide	to lay or draw something , as a line , across
cross	v. t.	gcide	to pass from one side to the other of
cross	v. t.	gcide	to pass or move over
cross	v. t.	gcide	to traverse
cross	v. i.	gcide	to lie or be athwart
cross	v. i.	gcide	to move or pass from one side to the other , or from place to place
cross	v. i.	gcide	to make a transit
cross	v. i.	gcide	to interbreed , as races
cross	v. i.	gcide	to mix distinct breeds
airiness	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being airy
airiness	n.	gcide	openness or exposure to the air
airiness	n.	gcide	lightness of spirits
airiness	n.	gcide	gayety
airiness	n.	gcide	levity
beamy	a.	gcide	emitting beams of light
beamy	a.	gcide	radiant
beamy	a.	gcide	shining
beamy	a.	gcide	resembling a beam in size and weight
beamy	a.	gcide	having horns , or antlers
demonstrable	a.	gcide	capable of being demonstrated
demonstrable	a.	gcide	that can be proved beyond doubt or question
unteach	v. t.	gcide	to cause to forget , or to lose from memory , or to disbelieve what has been taught
unteach	v. t.	gcide	to cause to be forgotten
basso	n.	gcide	the bass or lowest part
basso	n.	gcide	one who sings the lowest part
spigot	n.	gcide	a pin or peg used to stop the vent in a cask
spigot	n.	gcide	the plug of a faucet or cock
melancholic	a.	gcide	given to melancholy
melancholic	a.	gcide	depressed
melancholic	a.	gcide	melancholy
melancholic	a.	gcide	dejected
melancholic	a.	gcide	unhappy
melancholic	n.	gcide	one affected with a gloomy state of mind
melancholic	n.	gcide	a gloomy state of mind
melancholic	n.	gcide	melancholy
flume	n.	gcide	a stream
flume	n.	gcide	a passage channel or conduit for the water that drives a mill wheel
flume	n.	gcide	an artifical channel of water f hydraulic placer mining
flume	n.	gcide	a chute for conveying logs or lumber down a declivity
investor	n.	gcide	one who invests
botheration	n.	gcide	cause of trouble
botheration	n.	gcide	perplexity
botheration	n.	gcide	annoyance
botheration	n.	gcide	vexation
bacillus	n.	gcide	a variety of bacterium
bacillus	n.	gcide	a microscopic , rod - shaped vegetable organism
comestible	a.	gcide	suitable to be eaten
comestible	a.	gcide	eatable
comestible	a.	gcide	esculent
comestible	n.	gcide	something suitable to be eaten
taxable	a.	gcide	capable of being taxed
taxable	a.	gcide	liable by law to the assessment of taxes
taxable	a.	gcide	that may be legally charged by a court against the plaintiff of defendant in a suit
collect	v. t.	gcide	to gather into one body or place
collect	v. t.	gcide	to assemble or bring together
collect	v. t.	gcide	to obtain by gathering
collect	v. t.	gcide	to demand and obtain payment of , as an account , or other indebtedness
collect	v. i.	gcide	to assemble together
collect	v. i.	gcide	to accumulate
collect	n.	gcide	a short , comprehensive prayer , adapted to a particular day , occasion , or condition , and forming part of a liturgy
plater	n.	gcide	one who plates or coats articles with gold or silver
plater	n.	gcide	a machine for calendering paper
plater	n.	gcide	a horse that runs chiefly in plate , especially selling - plate , races
plater	n.	gcide	an inferior race horse
turnkey	n.	gcide	a person who has charge of the keys of a prison , for opening and fastening the doors
turnkey	n.	gcide	a warder
turnkey	n.	gcide	an instrument with a hinged claw , -- used for extracting teeth with a twist
hygiene	n.	gcide	that department of sanitary science which treats of the preservation of health , especially of <unk> and communities
hygiene	n.	gcide	a system of principles or rules designated for the promotion of health
chic	a.	gcide	iginal and in good taste <unk>
chic	a.	gcide	stylish
chic	a.	gcide	in current fashion , fashionable
sprain	v. t.	gcide	to weaken , as a joint , ligament , or muscle , by sudden and excessive exertion , as by <unk>
sprain	v. t.	gcide	to overstrain , or stretch injuriously , but without luxation
chipper	a.	gcide	lively
chipper	a.	gcide	cheerful
chipper	a.	gcide	talkative
dearness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being dear
dearness	n.	gcide	costliness
dearness	n.	gcide	excess of price
dearness	n.	gcide	fondness
dearness	n.	gcide	preciousness
dearness	n.	gcide	love
dearness	n.	gcide	tenderness
endearing	a.	gcide	making dear or beloved
endearing	a.	gcide	causing love
spitter	n.	gcide	one who ejects saliva from the mouth
spitter	n.	gcide	one who puts meat on a spit
spitter	n.	gcide	a young deer whose antlers begin to shoot or become sharp
kali	n.	gcide	the last and worst of the four ages of the world
kali	prop. n.	gcide	the black , destroying goddess
reject	v. t.	gcide	to cast from one
reject	v. t.	gcide	to throw away
reject	v. t.	gcide	to discard
reject	v. t.	gcide	to refuse to receive or to acknowledge
reject	v. t.	gcide	to decline haughtily or harshly
reject	v. t.	gcide	to repudiate
reject	v. t.	gcide	to refuse to grant
swampy	a.	gcide	consisting of swamp
swampy	a.	gcide	like a swamp
swampy	a.	gcide	low , wet , and spongy
wale	n.	gcide	a streak or mark made on the skin by a rod or whip
wale	n.	gcide	a stripe
wale	n.	gcide	a wheal
wale	n.	gcide	a ridge or streak rising above the surface , as of cloth
wale	n.	gcide	the texture of cloth
wale	n.	gcide	a timber bolted to a row of piles to secure them together and in position
wale	v. t.	gcide	to mark with wales , or stripes
hobnail	n.	gcide	a clownish person
hobnail	n.	gcide	a rustic
tame	a.	gcide	reduced from a state of native wildness and <unk>
tame	a.	gcide	accustomed to man
tame	a.	gcide	domesticated
tame	a.	gcide	domestic
tame	a.	gcide	crushed
tame	a.	gcide	subdued
tame	a.	gcide	depressed
tame	a.	gcide	spiritless
tame	a.	gcide	deficient in spirit or animation
tame	a.	gcide	spiritless
tame	a.	gcide	dull
tame	a.	gcide	flat
tame	a.	gcide	insipid
tame	v. t.	gcide	to reduce from a wild to a domestic state
tame	v. t.	gcide	to make gentle and familiar
tame	v. t.	gcide	to reclaim
tame	v. t.	gcide	to domesticate
tame	v. t.	gcide	to subdue
tame	v. t.	gcide	to conquer
tame	v. t.	gcide	to repress
prominently	adv.	gcide	in a prominent manner
anchovy	n.	gcide	a small fish , about three inches in length , of the herring family , caught in vast numbers in the mediterranean , and pickled for exportation
reap	v. t.	gcide	to cut with a sickle , scythe , or reaping machine , as grain
reap	v. t.	gcide	to gather , as a harvest , by cutting
reap	v. t.	gcide	to gather
reap	v. t.	gcide	to obtain
reap	v. t.	gcide	to receive as a reward or harvest , or as the fruit of labor or of works
reap	v. t.	gcide	to clear of a crop by reaping
reap	v. i.	gcide	to perform the act or operation of reaping
reap	v. i.	gcide	to gather a harvest
corporation	n.	gcide	a body politic or corporate , formed and authorized by law to act as a single person , and endowed by law with the capacity of succession
corporation	n.	gcide	a society having the capacity of transacting business as an individual
fryer	n.	gcide	a young chicken or other food item suitable to be cooked by frying
fryer	n.	gcide	a pot equipped with a removable basket , designed to be used for frying objects
hail	n.	gcide	small roundish masses of ice precipitated from the clouds , where they are formed by the congelation of vapor
hail	v. i.	gcide	to pour down particles of ice , or frozen vapors
hail	a.	gcide	healthy
hail	v. t.	gcide	to call loudly to , or after
hail	v. t.	gcide	to accost
hail	v. t.	gcide	to salute
hail	v. t.	gcide	to address
hail	v. t.	gcide	to name
hail	v. t.	gcide	to designate
hail	v. t.	gcide	to call
hail	v. i.	gcide	to sail
hail	v. i.	gcide	to come
hail	v. i.	gcide	to report as one ' s home or the place from whence one comes
hail	v. i.	gcide	to come
hail	interj.	gcide	an exclamation of respectful or reverent salutation , or , occasionally , of familiar greeting
hail	n.	gcide	a wish of health
hail	n.	gcide	a salutation
hail	n.	gcide	a loud call
spousal	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a spouse or marriage
spousal	a.	gcide	nuptial
spousal	a.	gcide	matrimonial
spousal	a.	gcide	conjugal
spousal	a.	gcide	connubial
spousal	a.	gcide	bridal
spousal	n.	gcide	marriage
spousal	n.	gcide	espousal
gold	n.	gcide	an old english name of some yellow flower , -- the marigold ( calendula ), according to dr
gold	n.	gcide	money
gold	n.	gcide	riches
gold	n.	gcide	wealth
gold	n.	gcide	a yellow color , like that of the metal
farce	n.	gcide	forcemeat
farce	n.	gcide	a low style of comedy
farce	n.	gcide	a dramatic composition marked by low humor , generally written with little regard to regularity or method , and abounding with ludicrous incidents and expressions
farce	n.	gcide	ridiculous or empty show
brindled	a.	gcide	having dark streaks or spots on a gray or tawny ground
warden	n.	gcide	a keeper
warden	n.	gcide	a guardian
warden	n.	gcide	a watchman
warden	n.	gcide	an officer who keeps or guards
warden	n.	gcide	a keeper
warden	n.	gcide	a head official
warden	n.	gcide	specifically <unk> , a churchwarden
marketing	n.	gcide	the act of selling or of purchasing in , or as in , a market
marketing	n.	gcide	articles in , or from , a market
marketing	n.	gcide	supplies
averment	n.	gcide	affirmation
averment	n.	gcide	positive assertion
averment	n.	gcide	verification
averment	n.	gcide	establishment by evidence
averment	n.	gcide	a positive statement of facts
averment	n.	gcide	an allegation
averment	n.	gcide	an offer to justify or prove what is alleged
sorbet	n.	gcide	a kind of beverage
sorbet	n.	gcide	sherbet
proximal	a.	gcide	toward or nearest , as to a body , or center of motion of dependence
proximal	a.	gcide	proximate
proximal	a.	gcide	situated near the point of attachment or origin
knickers	n. pl.	gcide	the name for a style of loose - fitting short trousers , gathered in and ending at the knees
knickers	n. pl.	gcide	smallclothes
knickers	n. pl.	gcide	called also knickerbockers
sentimental	a.	gcide	inclined to sentiment
sentimental	a.	gcide	having an excess of sentiment or sensibility
sentimental	a.	gcide	indulging the sensibilities for their own sake
sentimental	a.	gcide	artificially or affectedly tender
filter	n.	gcide	any porous substance , as cloth , paper , sand , or charcoal , through which water or other liquid may passed to cleanse it from the solid or impure matter held in suspension
filter	n.	gcide	a chamber or device containing such substance
filter	n.	gcide	a strainer
filter	n.	gcide	a similar device for purifying air
filter	v. i.	gcide	to percolate
changer	n.	gcide	one who changes or alters the form of anything
changer	n.	gcide	one who deals in or changes money
changer	n.	gcide	one apt to change
changer	n.	gcide	an inconstant person
mitotic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to mitosis
faculty	n.	gcide	ability to act or perform , whether <unk> or cultivated
faculty	n.	gcide	capacity for any natural function
faculty	n.	gcide	an original mental power or capacity for any of the well - known classes of mental activity
faculty	n.	gcide	psychical or soul capacity
faculty	n.	gcide	capacity for any of the leading kinds of soul activity , as knowledge , feeling , volition
faculty	n.	gcide	intellectual endowment or gift
faculty	n.	gcide	power
faculty	n.	gcide	special mental endowment
faculty	n.	gcide	characteristic knack
faculty	n.	gcide	privilege or permission , granted by favor or indulgence , to do a particular thing
faculty	n.	gcide	authority
faculty	n.	gcide	license
faculty	n.	gcide	dispensation
weeper	n.	gcide	one who weeps
weeper	n.	gcide	one who sheds tears
weeper	n.	gcide	a white band or border worn on the sleeve as a badge of mourning
weeper	n.	gcide	the capuchin
numerically	adv.	gcide	in a numerical manner
numerically	adv.	gcide	in numbers
numerically	adv.	gcide	with respect to number , or sameness in number
district	n.	gcide	the territory within which the lord has the power of coercing and punishing
district	n.	gcide	a division of territory
district	n.	gcide	a defined portion of a state , town , or city , etc
district	n.	gcide	any portion of territory of undefined extent
district	n.	gcide	a region
district	n.	gcide	a country
district	n.	gcide	a tract
district	v. t.	gcide	to divide into districts or limited portions of territory
formerly	adv.	gcide	in time past , either in time immediately preceding or at any indefinite distance
formerly	adv.	gcide	of old
formerly	adv.	gcide	heretofore
debonair	a.	gcide	of good appearance and manners
debonair	a.	gcide	graceful
debonair	a.	gcide	complaisant
anonymously	adv.	gcide	in an anonymous manner
anonymously	adv.	gcide	without a name
dapple	a.	gcide	marked with spots of different shades of color
dapple	a.	gcide	spotted
dapple	a.	gcide	variegated
dapple	v. t.	gcide	to variegate with spots
dapple	v. t.	gcide	to spot
compensation	n.	gcide	the act or principle of compensating
compensation	n.	gcide	that which constitutes , or is regarded as , an equivalent
compensation	n.	gcide	that which makes good the lack or variation of something else
compensation	n.	gcide	amends
compensation	n.	gcide	remuneration
compensation	n.	gcide	recompense
compensation	n.	gcide	the extinction of debts of which two persons are reciprocally debtors by the credits of which they are reciprocally creditors
compensation	n.	gcide	the payment of a debt by a credit of equal amount
compensation	n.	gcide	a set - off
sneaker	n.	gcide	one who sneaks
sneaker	n.	gcide	a type of soft shoe with a flat , pliable , typically rubber or other soft sole , and canvas - like upper , used in sports such as tennis , or for comfort
morel	n.	gcide	nightshade
morel	n.	gcide	a kind of cherry
surprising	a.	gcide	exciting surprise
surprising	a.	gcide	extraordinary
surprising	a.	gcide	of a nature to excite wonder and astonishment
magic	n.	gcide	a comprehensive name for all of the pretended arts which claim to produce effects by the assistance of supernatural beings , or departed spirits , or by a mastery of secret forces in nature attained by a study of occult science , including enchantment , conjuration , witchcraft , sorcery , necromancy , incantation , etc
magic	n.	gcide	the art of creating illusions which appear to the observer to be inexplicable except by some supernatural influence
magic	a.	gcide	pertaining to the hidden wisdom supposed to be possessed by the <unk>
magic	a.	gcide	relating to the occult powers of nature , and the producing of effects by their agency
magic	a.	gcide	performed by , or proceeding from , occult and superhuman agencies
magic	a.	gcide	done by , or seemingly done by , enchantment or sorcery
magic	a.	gcide	imposing or startling in performance
magic	a.	gcide	producing effects which seem supernatural or very extraordinary
magic	a.	gcide	having extraordinary properties
marker	n.	gcide	one who or that which marks
marker	n.	gcide	one who keeps account of a game played , as of billiards
marker	n.	gcide	a counter used in card playing and other games
syphilis	n.	gcide	the pox , or venereal disease
parody	n.	gcide	a kind of literary pleasantry in which what is written on one subject is altered and applied to another by way of burlesque
parody	n.	gcide	travesty
parody	v. t.	gcide	to burlesque
syringa	n.	gcide	a genus of plants
syringa	n.	gcide	the lilac
syringa	n.	gcide	the mock orange
deliverable	a.	gcide	capable of being , or about to be , delivered
deliverable	a.	gcide	necessary to be delivered
adorable	a.	gcide	worthy of divine honors
adorable	a.	gcide	worthy of the utmost love or respect
baking	n.	gcide	the act or process of cooking in an oven , or of drying and hardening by heat or cold
baking	n.	gcide	the quantity baked at once
baking	n.	gcide	a batch
indisposition	n.	gcide	the state of being indisposed
indisposition	n.	gcide	disinclination
indisposition	n.	gcide	a slight disorder or illness
kosher	a.	gcide	ceremonially clean , according to jewish law
kosher	a.	gcide	designating a shop , store , house , etc
kosher	a.	gcide	proper
kosher	a.	gcide	appropriate
kosher	a.	gcide	legitimate
kosher	n.	gcide	the practise of adherence to the jewish ritual law
kosher	v. t.	gcide	to prepare in conformity with the requirements of the jewish law , as meat
logistics	n.	gcide	that branch of the military art which embraces the details of moving and supplying armies
logistics	n.	gcide	the planning and coordination of the movement of materials , and other details of any large activity , such as a business or a political campaign
logistics	n.	gcide	a system of arithmetic , in which numbers are expressed in a scale of 60
logistics	n.	gcide	logistic arithmetic
prepuce	n.	gcide	the foreskin
muskrat	n.	gcide	a north american aquatic fur - bearing rodent
squiggle	v. i.	gcide	to move about like an eel
squiggle	v. i.	gcide	to squirm
unwilling	a.	gcide	not willing
unwilling	a.	gcide	loath
unwilling	a.	gcide	disinclined
unwilling	a.	gcide	reluctant
illicit	a.	gcide	not permitted or allowed
illicit	a.	gcide	prohibited
illicit	a.	gcide	unlawful
twine	n.	gcide	a twist
twine	n.	gcide	a convolution
twine	n.	gcide	a strong thread composed of two or three smaller threads or strands twisted together , and used for various purposes , as for binding small parcels , making nets , and the like
twine	n.	gcide	a small cord or string
twine	n.	gcide	the act of twining or winding round
twine	v. t.	gcide	to twist together
twine	v. t.	gcide	to form by twisting or winding of threads
twine	v. t.	gcide	to wreathe
twine	v. t.	gcide	to wind , as one thread around another , or as any flexible substance around another body
twine	v. t.	gcide	to wind about
twine	v. t.	gcide	to embrace
twine	v. t.	gcide	to entwine
twine	v. i.	gcide	to mutually twist together
twine	v. i.	gcide	to become mutually involved
twine	v. i.	gcide	to wind
twine	v. i.	gcide	to bend
twine	v. i.	gcide	to make turns
twine	v. i.	gcide	to meander
twine	v. i.	gcide	to ascend in spiral lines about a support
twine	v. i.	gcide	to climb spirally
bullock	n.	gcide	a young bull , or any male of the ox kind
bullock	n.	gcide	an ox , steer , or stag
avulsion	n.	gcide	a tearing asunder
avulsion	n.	gcide	a forcible separation
avulsion	n.	gcide	a fragment torn off
avulsion	n.	gcide	the sudden removal of lands or soil from the estate of one man to that of another by an inundation or a current , or by a sudden change in the course of a river by which a part of the estate of one man is cut off and joined to the estate of another
stroll	v. i.	gcide	to wander on foot
stroll	v. i.	gcide	to ramble idly or leisurely
stroll	v. i.	gcide	to rove
stroll	n.	gcide	a wandering on foot
stroll	n.	gcide	an idle and leisurely walk
stroll	n.	gcide	a ramble
quilting	n.	gcide	the act of stitching or running in patterns , as in making a quilt
quilting	n.	gcide	the material used for making quilts
shark	n.	gcide	a rapacious , artful person
shark	n.	gcide	a sharper
shark	v. i.	gcide	to play the petty thief
shark	v. i.	gcide	to practice fraud or trickery
shark	v. i.	gcide	to swindle
shark	v. i.	gcide	to live by shifts and stratagems
adulterer	n.	gcide	a man who commits adultery
adulterer	n.	gcide	a married man who has sexual intercourse with a woman not his wife
adulterer	n.	gcide	a man who violates his religious covenant
informality	n.	gcide	the state of being informal
informality	n.	gcide	lack of regular , prescribed , or customary form
informality	n.	gcide	something which is not in proper or prescribed form or does not conform to the established rule
tutorship	n.	gcide	the office , duty , or care of a tutor
tutorship	n.	gcide	guardianship
tutorship	n.	gcide	tutelage
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to lay down
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to place
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to put
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to let fall or throw down ( as sediment )
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to lay up or away for safe keeping
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to put up
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to store
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to lodge in some one ' s hands for safe keeping
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to commit to the custody of another
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to intrust
deposit	v. t.	gcide	to place in a bank as a sum of money subject to order
deposit	n.	gcide	that which is deposited , or laid or thrown down
deposit	n.	gcide	matter precipitated from a solution ( as the siliceous deposits of hot springs ) or that which is mechanically deposited ( as the mud gravel etc
deposit	n.	gcide	a natural occurrence of a useful mineral under the conditions to invite exploitation
deposit	n.	gcide	that which is placed anywhere , or in any one ' s hands , for safe keeping
deposit	n.	gcide	something intrusted to the care of another
deposit	n.	gcide	money lodged with a bank or banker subject to order
deposit	n.	gcide	anything given as pledge or security
playhouse	n.	gcide	a building used for dramatic exhibitions
playhouse	n.	gcide	a theater
playhouse	n.	gcide	a house for children to play in
colliery	n.	gcide	the place where coal is dug
colliery	n.	gcide	a coal mine , and the buildings , etc
peroration	n.	gcide	the concluding part of an oration
peroration	n.	gcide	a final <unk> up and enforcement of an argument
avow	v. t.	gcide	to declare openly , as something believed to be right
avow	v. t.	gcide	to own or acknowledge frankly
avow	v. t.	gcide	to acknowledge and justify , as an act done
labor	n.	gcide	physical toil or bodily exertion , especially when <unk> , irksome , or unavoidable , in distinction from sportive exercise
labor	n.	gcide	hard , muscular effort directed to some useful end , as agriculture , manufactures , and like
labor	n.	gcide	servile toil
labor	n.	gcide	exertion
labor	n.	gcide	work
labor	n.	gcide	intellectual exertion
labor	n.	gcide	mental effort
labor	n.	gcide	that which requires hard work for its accomplishment
labor	n.	gcide	that which demands effort
labor	v. i.	gcide	to exert muscular strength
labor	v. i.	gcide	to work
labor	v. i.	gcide	to toil
labor	v. i.	gcide	to exert one ' s powers of mind in the prosecution of any design
labor	v. i.	gcide	to strive
labor	v. i.	gcide	to take pains
labor	v. i.	gcide	to be <unk> with difficulties or disease
labor	v. i.	gcide	to do one ' s work under conditions which make it especially hard , wearisome
labor	v. i.	gcide	to move slowly , as against opposition , or under a burden
labor	v. i.	gcide	to be burdened
labor	v. t.	gcide	to work at
labor	v. t.	gcide	to work
labor	v. t.	gcide	to till
labor	v. t.	gcide	to cultivate by toil
labor	v. t.	gcide	to form or fabricate with toil , exertion , or care
labor	v. t.	gcide	to prosecute , or perfect , with effort
reverend	a.	gcide	worthy of reverence
reverend	a.	gcide	entitled to respect mingled with fear and affection
reverend	a.	gcide	venerable
chalet	n.	gcide	a summer cottage or country house in the swiss mountains
contortionist	n.	gcide	one who makes or practices contortions
contortionist	n.	gcide	a <unk> who is able to twist the limbs into positions impossible for normal people to achieve
alimentary	a.	gcide	pertaining to aliment or food , or to the function of nutrition
alimentary	a.	gcide	nutritious
igneous	a.	gcide	pertaining to , having the nature of , fire
igneous	a.	gcide	containing fire
igneous	a.	gcide	resembling fire
igneous	a.	gcide	resulting from , or produced by , the action of fire
abyssal	a.	gcide	belonging to , or resembling , an abyss
abyssal	a.	gcide	unfathomable
insanity	n.	gcide	the state of being insane
insanity	n.	gcide	unsoundness or derangement of mind
insanity	n.	gcide	madness
insanity	n.	gcide	lunacy
insanity	n.	gcide	such a mental condition , as , either from the existence of delusions , or from incapacity to distinguish between right and wrong , with regard to any matter under action , does away with individual responsibility
accentuation	n.	gcide	applications of accent
accentuation	n.	gcide	pitch or modulation of the voice in reciting portions of the liturgy
disparagement	n.	gcide	matching any one in marriage under his or her degree
disparagement	n.	gcide	injurious union with something of inferior excellence
disparagement	n.	gcide	a lowering in rank or estimation
disparagement	n.	gcide	injurious comparison with an inferior
disparagement	n.	gcide	diminution of value
disparagement	n.	gcide	dishonor
disparagement	n.	gcide	indignity
disparagement	n.	gcide	reproach
disparagement	n.	gcide	disgrace
disparagement	n.	gcide	detraction
lullaby	n.	gcide	that which quiets
custom	n.	gcide	frequent repetition of the same act
custom	n.	gcide	way of acting common to many
custom	n.	gcide	dinary manner
custom	n.	gcide	habitual practice
custom	n.	gcide	usage
custom	n.	gcide	method of doing or living
custom	n.	gcide	habitual buying of goods
custom	n.	gcide	practice of frequenting , as a shop , manufactory , etc
custom	n.	gcide	business support
custom	n.	gcide	long - established practice , considered as unwritten law , and resting for authority on long consent
custom	n.	gcide	usage
custom	n.	gcide	the customary toll , tax , or tribute
custom	n.	gcide	duties or tolls imposed by law on commodities , imported or exported
adjudicate	v. t.	gcide	to adjudge
adjudicate	v. t.	gcide	to try and determine , as a court
adjudicate	v. t.	gcide	to settle by judicial decree
adjudicate	v. i.	gcide	to come to a judicial decision
culpable	a.	gcide	deserving censure
culpable	a.	gcide	worthy of blame
culpable	a.	gcide	faulty
culpable	a.	gcide	immoral
culpable	a.	gcide	criminal
valueless	a.	gcide	being of no value
valueless	a.	gcide	having no worth
intricately	adv.	gcide	in an intricate manner
acrobat	n.	gcide	one who practices rope dancing , high vaulting , or other daring gymnastic feats
penitentiary	a.	gcide	relating to penance , or to the rules and measures of penance
penitentiary	a.	gcide	expressive of penitence
penitentiary	a.	gcide	used for punishment , discipline , and reformation
penitentiary	n.	gcide	that part of a church to which <unk> were admitted
penitentiary	n.	gcide	an office of the papal court which examines cases of conscience , confession , absolution from vows , etc
entire	a.	gcide	complete in all parts
entire	a.	gcide	undivided
entire	a.	gcide	undiminished
entire	a.	gcide	whole
entire	a.	gcide	full and perfect
entire	a.	gcide	not deficient
entire	a.	gcide	without mixture or alloy of anything
entire	a.	gcide	unqualified
entire	a.	gcide	morally whole
entire	a.	gcide	pure
entire	a.	gcide	faithful
entire	a.	gcide	consisting of a single piece , as a corolla
entire	n.	gcide	entirely
entire	n.	gcide	a name originally given to a kind of beer combining qualities of different kinds of beer
tyrant	n.	gcide	an absolute ruler
tyrant	n.	gcide	a sovereign unrestrained by law or constitution
tyrant	n.	gcide	a usurper of sovereignty
tyrant	n.	gcide	specifically , a monarch , or other ruler or master , who uses power to oppress his subjects
tyrant	n.	gcide	a person who exercises unlawful authority , or lawful authority in an unlawful manner
tyrant	n.	gcide	one who by taxation , injustice , or cruel punishment , or the demand of unreasonable services , imposes burdens and hardships on those under his control , which law and humanity do not authorize , or which the purposes of government do not require
tyrant	n.	gcide	a cruel master
tyrant	n.	gcide	an oppressor
eyeglass	n.	gcide	a lens of glass worn in front of the eye to assist vision
eyeglass	n.	gcide	eyepiece of a telescope , microscope , etc
eyeglass	n.	gcide	the retina
blazer	n.	gcide	a light jacket , usually of wool or silk and of a bright color , for wear at tennis , cricket , or other sport
flitter	n.	gcide	a rag
flitter	n.	gcide	a tatter
flitter	n.	gcide	a small piece or fragment
infinitesimal	a.	gcide	infinitely or indefinitely small
infinitesimal	a.	gcide	less than any assignable quantity or value
infinitesimal	a.	gcide	very small
infinitesimal	n.	gcide	an infinitely small quantity
infinitesimal	n.	gcide	that which is less than any assignable quantity
unlikely	a.	gcide	not likely
unlikely	a.	gcide	improbable
unlikely	a.	gcide	not to be reasonably expected
unlikely	a.	gcide	not holding out a prospect of success
unlikely	a.	gcide	likely to fail
underwear	n.	gcide	that which is worn under the outside clothing
underwear	n.	gcide	underclothes
ignorance	n.	gcide	the condition of being ignorant
ignorance	n.	gcide	the lack of knowledge in general , or in relation to a particular subject
ignorance	n.	gcide	the state of being uneducated or <unk>
ignorance	n.	gcide	a willful neglect or refusal to acquire knowledge which one may acquire and it is his duty to have
clearance	n.	gcide	the act of clearing
clearance	n.	gcide	a certificate that a ship or vessel has been cleared at the customhouse
clearance	n.	gcide	permission to sail
clearance	n.	gcide	clear or net profit
hemicycle	n.	gcide	a half circle
hemicycle	n.	gcide	a semicircle
hemicycle	n.	gcide	a semicircular place , as a semicircular arena , or room , or part of a room
school	n.	gcide	a shoal
school	n.	gcide	a multitude
school	n.	gcide	a place for learned intercourse and instruction
school	n.	gcide	an institution for learning
school	n.	gcide	an educational establishment
school	n.	gcide	a place for acquiring knowledge and mental training
school	n.	gcide	a place of primary instruction
school	n.	gcide	an establishment for the instruction of children
school	n.	gcide	a session of an institution of instruction
school	v. t.	gcide	to train in an institution of learning
school	v. t.	gcide	to teach
school	v. t.	gcide	to tutor
school	v. t.	gcide	to chide and admonish
school	v. t.	gcide	to reprove
school	v. t.	gcide	to subject to systematic discipline
school	v. t.	gcide	to train
danger	n.	gcide	exposure to injury , loss , pain , or other evil
danger	n.	gcide	peril
danger	n.	gcide	risk
danger	n.	gcide	insecurity
related	p. p.	gcide	allied by kindred
related	p. p.	gcide	connected by blood or alliance , particularly by consanguinity
related	p. p.	gcide	standing in relation or connection
related	p. p.	gcide	narrated
related	p. p.	gcide	told
plenary	a.	gcide	full
plenary	a.	gcide	entire
plenary	a.	gcide	complete
plenary	a.	gcide	absolute
dedicate	v. t.	gcide	to set apart and consecrate , as to a divinity , or for sacred uses
dedicate	v. t.	gcide	to devote formally and solemnly
dedicate	v. t.	gcide	to devote , set apart , or give up , as one ' s self , to a duty or service
dedicate	v. t.	gcide	to inscribe or address , as to a patron
monogram	n.	gcide	a character or cipher composed of two or more letters interwoven or combined so as to represent a name , or a part of it ( usually the initials )
shriek	v. i.	gcide	to utter a loud , sharp , shrill sound or cry , as do some birds and beasts
shriek	v. i.	gcide	to scream , as in a sudden fright , in horror or anguish
shriek	v. t.	gcide	to utter sharply and shrilly
shriek	n.	gcide	a sharp , shrill outcry or scream
shriek	n.	gcide	a shrill wild cry such as is caused by sudden or extreme terror , pain , or the like
lucifer	n.	gcide	the planet venus , when appearing as the morning star
lucifer	n.	gcide	satan
lucifer	n.	gcide	a match { 1 } made of a sliver of wood tipped with a combustible substance , and ignited by friction
wreck	n.	gcide	the destruction or injury of a vessel by being cast on shore , or on rocks , or by being disabled or sunk by the force of winds or waves
wreck	n.	gcide	shipwreck
wreck	n.	gcide	destruction or injury of anything , especially by violence
wreck	n.	gcide	ruin
wreck	n.	gcide	the ruins of a ship stranded
wreck	n.	gcide	a ship dashed against rocks or land , and broken , or otherwise rendered useless , by violence and fracture
wreck	v. t.	gcide	to shipwreck
wreck	v. t.	gcide	to destroy , as a railroad train
wreck	v. t.	gcide	to cause to suffer ruin
wreck	v. t.	gcide	to balk of success , and bring disaster on
legate	n.	gcide	an ambassador or envoy
legate	n.	gcide	an ecclesiastic representing the pope and invested with the authority of the holy see
legate	n.	gcide	an official assistant given to a general or to the governor of a province
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to make worse , or more severe
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to render less tolerable or less excusable
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to make more offensive
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to enhance
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to intensify
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to give coloring to in description
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to exaggerate
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to exasperate
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to provoke
aggravate	v. t.	gcide	to irritate
earnest	n.	gcide	seriousness
earnest	n.	gcide	reality
earnest	n.	gcide	fixed determination
earnest	n.	gcide	eagerness
earnest	a.	gcide	ardent in the pursuit of an object
earnest	a.	gcide	eager to obtain or do
earnest	a.	gcide	zealous with sincerity
earnest	a.	gcide	with hearty endeavor
earnest	a.	gcide	heartfelt
earnest	a.	gcide	fervent
earnest	a.	gcide	hearty
earnest	a.	gcide	intent
earnest	a.	gcide	fixed closely
earnest	n.	gcide	something given , or a part paid beforehand , as a pledge
earnest	n.	gcide	pledge
earnest	n.	gcide	a token of what is to come
earnest	n.	gcide	something of value given by the buyer to the seller , by way of token or pledge , to bind the bargain and prove the sale
tormenter	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , torments
tormenter	n.	gcide	a tormentor
trash	n.	gcide	that which is worthless or useless
trash	n.	gcide	rubbish
trash	n.	gcide	refuse
trash	n.	gcide	a collar , leash , or halter used to restrain a dog in pursuing game
trash	v. t.	gcide	to lop
carnival	n.	gcide	a time of riotous excess
negotiate	v. i.	gcide	to treat with another respecting purchase and sale or some business affair
negotiate	v. i.	gcide	to bargain or trade
negotiate	v. i.	gcide	to hold intercourse respecting a treaty , league , convention , or other proposed agreement
negotiate	v. i.	gcide	to treat with , respecting peace or commerce
negotiate	v. t.	gcide	to carry on negotiations concerning
negotiate	v. t.	gcide	to procure or arrange for by negotiation
negotiate	v. t.	gcide	to transfer for a valuable consideration under rules of commercial law
negotiate	v. t.	gcide	to sell
negotiate	v. t.	gcide	to pass
revocation	n.	gcide	the act of calling back , or the state of being recalled
revocation	n.	gcide	recall
revocation	n.	gcide	repeal
revocation	n.	gcide	reversal
devilish	a.	gcide	resembling , characteristic of , or pertaining to , the devil
devilish	a.	gcide	diabolical
devilish	a.	gcide	wicked in the extreme
devilish	a.	gcide	extreme
devilish	a.	gcide	excessive
triangulate	v. t.	gcide	to divide into triangles
triangulate	v. t.	gcide	specifically , to survey by means of a series of triangles properly laid down and measured
triangulate	v. t.	gcide	to make triangular , or three - cornered
misfit	n.	gcide	the act or the state of fitting badly
misfit	n.	gcide	something that fits badly , as a garment
misfit	n.	gcide	a person who does not fit in comfortably with the surrounding situation or society
misfit	n.	gcide	one who cannot conform or adjust to the circumstances in which he lives
mockingly	adv.	gcide	by way of derision
mockingly	adv.	gcide	in a contemptuous or mocking manner
feldspar	n.	gcide	a name given to a group of minerals , closely related in crystalline form , and all silicates of alumina with either potash , soda , lime , or , in one case , <unk>
snug	a.	gcide	close and warm
snug	a.	gcide	close
snug	a.	gcide	concealed
snug	a.	gcide	not exposed to notice
snug	a.	gcide	compact , convenient , and comfortable
snug	n.	gcide	same as lug n
snug	v. i.	gcide	to lie close
snug	v. i.	gcide	to snuggle
snug	v. t.	gcide	to rub , as twine or rope , so as to make it smooth and improve the finish
dosage	n.	gcide	the administration of medicine in doses
dosage	n.	gcide	specifically , a scheme or system of grading doses of medicine according to age , etc
dosage	n.	gcide	the process of adding some ingredient , as to wine , to give flavor , character , or strength
dosage	n.	gcide	same as dose { 1
exception	n.	gcide	exclusion
exception	n.	gcide	restriction by taking out something which would otherwise be included , as in a class , statement , rule
exception	n.	gcide	that which is excepted or taken out from others
exception	n.	gcide	a person , thing , or case , specified as distinct , or not included
exception	n.	gcide	an objection , oral or written , taken , in the course of an action , as to bail or security
exception	n.	gcide	as to the decision of a judge , in the course of a trail , in his charge to a jury
exception	n.	gcide	as to lapse of time , scandal , impertinence , insufficiency in a pleading
duration	n.	gcide	the state or quality of lasting
duration	n.	gcide	continuance in time
duration	n.	gcide	the portion of time during which anything exists
diver	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , dives
diver	n.	gcide	one who goes deeply into a subject , study , or business
critique	n.	gcide	a critical examination or estimate of a work of literature or art
critique	n.	gcide	a critical dissertation or essay
critique	n.	gcide	a careful and thorough analysis of any subject
critique	n.	gcide	a criticism
flagellate	v. t.	gcide	to whip
flagellate	v. t.	gcide	to scourge
flagellate	v. t.	gcide	to flog
forefront	n.	gcide	foremost part or place
antediluvian	a.	gcide	of or relating to the period before the deluge in noah ' s time
antediluvian	a.	gcide	antiquated
surname	n.	gcide	a name or appellation which is added to , or over and above , the baptismal or christian name , and becomes a family name
surname	n.	gcide	an appellation added to the original name
surname	v. t.	gcide	to name or call by an appellation added to the original name
standstill	n.	gcide	a standing without moving forward or backward
standstill	n.	gcide	a stop
standstill	n.	gcide	a state of rest
polemic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to controversy
polemic	a.	gcide	maintaining , or involving , controversy
polemic	a.	gcide	controversial
polemic	a.	gcide	engaged in , or addicted to , polemics , or to controversy
polemic	n.	gcide	one who writes in support of one opinion , doctrine , or system , in opposition to another
polemic	n.	gcide	one skilled in polemics
polemic	n.	gcide	a controversialist
polemic	n.	gcide	a disputant
module	n.	gcide	a model or measure
module	n.	gcide	the size of some one part , as the diameter of semi - diameter of the base of a shaft , taken as a unit of measure by which the proportions of the other parts of the composition are regulated
vigil	n.	gcide	abstinence from sleep , whether at a time when sleep is customary or not
vigil	n.	gcide	the act of keeping awake , or the state of being awake
vigil	n.	gcide	sleeplessness
vigil	n.	gcide	watch
vigil	n.	gcide	devotional watching
vigil	n.	gcide	waking for prayer , or other religious exercises
pout	n.	gcide	the young of some birds , as grouse
pout	n.	gcide	a young fowl
pout	v. i.	gcide	to thrust out the lips , as in sullenness or displeasure
pout	v. i.	gcide	to look sullen
pout	v. i.	gcide	to protrude
pout	n.	gcide	a sullen protrusion of the lips
pout	n.	gcide	a fit of sullenness
explicate	a.	gcide	evolved
explicate	a.	gcide	unfolded
explicate	v. t.	gcide	to unfold the meaning or sense of
explicate	v. t.	gcide	to explain
explicate	v. t.	gcide	to clear of difficulties or obscurity
explicate	v. t.	gcide	to interpret
myriad	n.	gcide	the number of ten thousand
myriad	n.	gcide	ten thousand persons or things
myriad	n.	gcide	an immense number
myriad	n.	gcide	a very great many
myriad	n.	gcide	an indefinitely large number
myriad	a.	gcide	consisting of a very great , but indefinite , number
homebound	a.	gcide	kept at home , usually due to illness
hearken	v. i.	gcide	to listen
hearken	v. i.	gcide	to lend the ear
hearken	v. i.	gcide	to attend to what is uttered
hearken	v. i.	gcide	to give heed
hearken	v. i.	gcide	to hear , in order to obey or comply
measuring	a.	gcide	used in , or adapted for , ascertaining measurements , or dividing by measure
ablution	n.	gcide	the act of washing or cleansing
ablution	n.	gcide	specifically , the washing of the body , or some part of it , as a religious rite
ablution	n.	gcide	the water used in cleansing
ablution	n.	gcide	a small quantity of wine and water , which is used to wash the priest ' s thumb and index finger after the communion , and which then , as perhaps containing portions of the consecrated elements , is drunk by the priest
feud	n.	gcide	a contention or quarrel
feud	n.	gcide	deadly hatred
feud	n.	gcide	contention satisfied only by bloodshed
feud	n.	gcide	a stipendiary estate in land , held of a superior , by service
feud	n.	gcide	a fief
feud	n.	gcide	a fee
mysterious	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to mystery
mysterious	a.	gcide	containing a mystery
mysterious	a.	gcide	difficult or impossible to understand
mysterious	a.	gcide	inexplicable
mysterious	a.	gcide	obscure
mysterious	a.	gcide	not revealed or explained
mysterious	a.	gcide	enigmatical
mysterious	a.	gcide	incomprehensible
defense	n.	gcide	the act of defending , or the state of being defended
defense	n.	gcide	protection , as from violence or danger
defense	n.	gcide	that which defends or protects
defense	n.	gcide	anything employed to oppose attack , ward off violence or danger , or maintain security
defense	n.	gcide	a guard
defense	n.	gcide	a protection
defense	n.	gcide	protecting plea
defense	n.	gcide	vindication
defense	n.	gcide	justification
chase	v. t.	gcide	to pursue for the purpose of killing or taking , as an enemy , or game
chase	v. t.	gcide	to hunt
chase	v. t.	gcide	to follow as if to catch
chase	v. t.	gcide	to pursue
chase	v. t.	gcide	to compel to move on
chase	v. t.	gcide	to drive by following
chase	v. t.	gcide	to cause to fly
chase	v. t.	gcide	to pursue eagerly , as hunters pursue game
chase	v. i.	gcide	to hunt
chase	n.	gcide	vehement pursuit for the purpose of killing or capturing , as of an enemy , or game
chase	n.	gcide	an earnest seeking after any object greatly desired
chase	n.	gcide	the act or habit of hunting
chase	n.	gcide	a hunt
chase	n.	gcide	that which is pursued or hunted
chase	n.	gcide	an open hunting ground to which game resorts , and which is private properly , thus differing from a forest , which is not private property , and from a park , which is inclosed
chase	n.	gcide	a rectangular iron frame in which pages or columns of type are imposed
chase	n.	gcide	a groove , or channel , as in the face of a wall
chase	n.	gcide	a trench , as for the reception of drain tile
chase	v. t.	gcide	to ornament ( a surface of metal ) by <unk> , cutting away parts , and the like
chase	v. t.	gcide	to cut , so as to make a screw thread
careful	a.	gcide	filling with care or solicitude
careful	a.	gcide	exposing to concern , anxiety , or trouble
careful	a.	gcide	painful
careful	a.	gcide	taking care
careful	a.	gcide	giving good heed
careful	a.	gcide	watchful
careful	a.	gcide	cautious
careful	a.	gcide	provident
careful	a.	gcide	not indifferent , heedless , or reckless
nauseous	a.	gcide	causing , or fitted to cause , nausea
nauseous	a.	gcide	sickening
nauseous	a.	gcide	loathsome
nauseous	a.	gcide	disgusting
nauseous	a.	gcide	exciting abhorrence
nauseous	a.	gcide	feeling nausea
demigod	n.	gcide	a half god , or an inferior deity
demigod	n.	gcide	a fabulous hero , the offspring of a deity and a mortal
textile	a.	gcide	pertaining to weaving or to woven fabrics
textile	a.	gcide	woven , capable of being woven
textile	a.	gcide	formed by weaving
textile	n.	gcide	that which is , or may be , woven
textile	n.	gcide	a fabric made by weaving
rend	v. t.	gcide	to separate into parts with force or sudden violence
rend	v. t.	gcide	to tear asunder
rend	v. t.	gcide	to split
rend	v. t.	gcide	to burst
rend	v. t.	gcide	to part or tear off forcibly
rend	v. t.	gcide	to take away by force
rend	v. i.	gcide	to be rent or torn
rend	v. i.	gcide	to become parted
rend	v. i.	gcide	to separate
rend	v. i.	gcide	to split
vamp	n.	gcide	the part of a boot or shoe above the sole and welt , and in front of the ankle seam
vamp	n.	gcide	an upper
vamp	n.	gcide	any piece added to an old thing to give it a new appearance
vamp	v. t.	gcide	to provide , as a shoe , with new upper leather
vamp	v. t.	gcide	to to piece as any old thing with a new part
vamp	v. t.	gcide	to repair
vamp	v. t.	gcide	to patch
vamp	v. t.	gcide	to create with little skill
vamp	v. t.	gcide	to concoct
vamp	v. t.	gcide	to invent
vitals	n. pl.	gcide	gans that are necessary f life
vitals	n. pl.	gcide	more especially , the heart , lungs , and brain
vitals	n. pl.	gcide	the part essential to the life or health of anything
napkin	n.	gcide	a little towel , made of cloth or paper , especially one for wiping the fingers and mouth at table
rind	n.	gcide	the external covering or coat , as of flesh , fruit , trees , etc
rind	n.	gcide	skin
rind	n.	gcide	hide
rind	n.	gcide	bark
rind	n.	gcide	peel
rind	n.	gcide	shell
replica	n.	gcide	a copy of a work of art , as of a picture or statue , made by the maker of the original
replica	n.	gcide	repetition
disparate	a.	gcide	unequal
disparate	a.	gcide	dissimilar
disparate	a.	gcide	separate
caisson	n.	gcide	a chest to hold ammunition
caisson	n.	gcide	a four - wheeled carriage for conveying ammunition , consisting of two parts , a body and a limber
caisson	n.	gcide	a chest filled with explosive materials , to be laid in the way of an enemy and <unk> on his approach
criterion	n.	gcide	a standard of judging
criterion	n.	gcide	any approved or established rule or test , by which facts , principles opinions , and conduct are tried in forming a correct judgment respecting them
grapple	v. t.	gcide	to seize
grapple	v. t.	gcide	to lay fast hold of
grapple	v. t.	gcide	to fix
grapple	v. i.	gcide	to contend in close fight
grapple	v. i.	gcide	to close
grapple	v. i.	gcide	to seize one another
grapple	n.	gcide	a seizing or seizure
grapple	n.	gcide	close hug in contest
grapple	n.	gcide	the wrestler ' s hold
grapple	n.	gcide	an instrument , usually with hinged claws , for seizing and holding fast to an object
grapple	n.	gcide	a grab
grapple	n.	gcide	a grappling iron
unconscionable	a.	gcide	exceeding the limits of any reasonable claim or expectation
unconscionable	a.	gcide	not conforming to reason
unconscionable	a.	gcide	unreasonable
unconscionable	a.	gcide	inordinate
unconscionable	a.	gcide	extravagant
unconscionable	a.	gcide	not guided by , or conformed to , conscience
unconscionable	a.	gcide	that cannot be done in good conscience
headway	n.	gcide	the progress made by a ship in motion
headway	n.	gcide	progress or success of any kind
headway	n.	gcide	clear space under an arch , girder , and the like , sufficient to allow of easy passing underneath
headway	n.	gcide	clearance
stile	n.	gcide	a pin set on the face of a dial , to cast a shadow
stile	n.	gcide	a style
stile	n.	gcide	a step , or set of steps , for ascending and descending , in passing a fence or wall
stile	n.	gcide	one of the upright pieces in a frame
suitable	a.	gcide	capable of suiting
suitable	a.	gcide	fitting
suitable	a.	gcide	accordant
suitable	a.	gcide	proper
suitable	a.	gcide	becoming
suitable	a.	gcide	agreeable
suitable	a.	gcide	adapted
mane	n.	gcide	the long and heavy hair growing on the upper side of , or about , the neck of some quadrupedal animals , as the horse , the lion , etc
nickelodeon	n.	gcide	a place of entertainment , as for moving picture exhibition , charging a fee or admission price of five cents
compost	n.	gcide	a mixture for fertilizing land
buzz	v. i.	gcide	to make a low , continuous , humming or sibilant sound , like that made by bees with their wings
buzz	v. i.	gcide	to speak with a low , humming voice
buzz	v. t.	gcide	to sound forth by buzzing
buzz	v. t.	gcide	to whisper
buzz	v. t.	gcide	to communicate , as tales , in an under tone
buzz	v. t.	gcide	to spread , as report , by <unk> , or secretly
buzz	v. t.	gcide	to talk to incessantly or confidentially in a low humming voice
buzz	n.	gcide	a continuous , humming noise , as of bees
buzz	n.	gcide	a confused murmur , as of general conversation in low tones , or of a general expression of surprise or approbation
buzz	n.	gcide	a whisper
buzz	n.	gcide	a report spread secretly or cautiously
buzz	n.	gcide	the audible friction of voice consonants
biliary	a.	gcide	relating or belonging to bile
biliary	a.	gcide	conveying bile
plight	n.	gcide	that which is exposed to risk
plight	n.	gcide	security
plight	n.	gcide	a gage
plight	n.	gcide	a pledge
plight	n.	gcide	condition
plight	n.	gcide	state
plight	v. t.	gcide	to pledge
plight	v. t.	gcide	to give as a pledge for the performance of some act
plight	v. t.	gcide	to promise
plight	v. t.	gcide	to engage
mineralogist	n.	gcide	one versed in mineralogy
mineralogist	n.	gcide	one devoted to the study of minerals
mineralogist	n.	gcide	a carrier shell
nickname	n.	gcide	a name given in affectionate familiarity , sportive familiarity , contempt , or derision
nickname	n.	gcide	a familiar or an opprobrious appellation
malaria	n.	gcide	a human disease caused by infection of red blood cells by a protozoan of the genus plasmodium , giving rise to fever and chills and many other symptoms , characterized by their tendency to recur at definite and usually uniform intervals
individualism	n.	gcide	the quality of being individual
individualism	n.	gcide	individuality
individualism	n.	gcide	personality
individualism	n.	gcide	an excessive or exclusive regard to one ' s personal interest
individualism	n.	gcide	self - interest
individualism	n.	gcide	selfishness
individualism	n.	gcide	the principle , policy , or practice of maintaining individuality , or independence of the individual , in action
individualism	n.	gcide	the theory or practice of maintaining the independence of individual initiative , action , and interests , as in industrial organization or in government
puerility	n.	gcide	the quality of being puerile
puerility	n.	gcide	childishness
puerility	n.	gcide	that which is puerile or childish
puerility	n.	gcide	an expression which is flat insipid or silly
incandescent	a.	gcide	white , glowing , or luminous , with intense heat
incandescent	a.	gcide	clear
incandescent	a.	gcide	shining
incandescent	a.	gcide	brilliant
neigh	v. i.	gcide	to utter the cry of the horse
neigh	v. i.	gcide	to whinny
neigh	n.	gcide	the cry of a horse
neigh	n.	gcide	a whinny
genus	n.	gcide	a class of objects divided into several subordinate species
genus	n.	gcide	a class more extensive than a species
genus	n.	gcide	a precisely defined and exactly divided class
genus	n.	gcide	one of the five <unk> conceptions , or sorts of terms
weary	a.	gcide	having the strength exhausted by toil or exertion
weary	a.	gcide	worn out in respect to strength , endurance , etc
weary	a.	gcide	tired
weary	a.	gcide	fatigued
weary	a.	gcide	causing weariness
weary	a.	gcide	tiresome
weary	a.	gcide	having one ' s patience , relish , or contentment exhausted
weary	a.	gcide	tired
weary	a.	gcide	sick
weary	v. t.	gcide	to reduce or exhaust the physical strength or endurance of
weary	v. t.	gcide	to tire
weary	v. t.	gcide	to fatigue
weary	v. t.	gcide	to exhaust the patience of , as by continuance
weary	v. t.	gcide	to harass by anything irksome
weary	v. i.	gcide	to grow tired
weary	v. i.	gcide	to become exhausted or impatient
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to put force upon
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to force
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to constrain
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to compel
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to make or gain by force
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to obtain by force
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to put in motion or action by violence
enforce	v. t.	gcide	to drive
alcoholic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to alcohol , or partaking of its qualities
alcoholic	a.	gcide	derived from , or caused by , alcohol
alcoholic	a.	gcide	containing alcohol
ardently	adv.	gcide	in an ardent manner
ardently	adv.	gcide	eagerly
ardently	adv.	gcide	with warmth
ardently	adv.	gcide	affectionately
ardently	adv.	gcide	passionately
crudely	adv.	gcide	in a crude , immature manner
realistically	adv.	gcide	in a realistic manner
feelingly	adv.	gcide	in a feeling manner
feelingly	adv.	gcide	sympathetically
incase	v. t.	gcide	to inclose in a case
incase	v. t.	gcide	to inclose
incase	v. t.	gcide	to cover or surround with something solid
magnet	n.	gcide	a bar or mass of steel or iron to which the peculiar properties of the <unk> have been imparted
kick	v. t.	gcide	to strike , thrust , or hit violently with the foot
kick	v. t.	gcide	to evict or remove from a place or position , usually with out or off
kick	v. t.	gcide	to score ( goals or points ) by kicking
kick	v. i.	gcide	to show ugly resistance , opposition , or hostility
kick	v. i.	gcide	to spurn
kick	v. i.	gcide	to recoil
kick	n.	gcide	a blow with the foot or feet
kick	n.	gcide	a striking or thrust with the foot
kick	n.	gcide	the projection on the tang of the blade of a pocket knife , which prevents the edge of the blade from striking the spring
kick	n.	gcide	a projection in a mold , to form a depression in the surface of the brick
gag	v. t.	gcide	to stop the mouth of , by thrusting sometimes in , so as to hinder speaking
gag	v. t.	gcide	to silence by authority or by violence
gag	v. t.	gcide	not to allow freedom of speech to
gag	v. t.	gcide	to cause to heave with nausea
gag	v. i.	gcide	to heave with nausea
gag	v. i.	gcide	to retch
gag	n.	gcide	something thrust into the mouth or throat to hinder speaking
gag	n.	gcide	a mouthful that makes one retch
gag	n.	gcide	a choking bit
sessile	a.	gcide	attached without any sensible projecting support
sessile	a.	gcide	resting directly upon the main stem or branch , without a petiole or <unk>
sessile	a.	gcide	permanently attached
flowering	a.	gcide	having conspicuous flowers
flowering	n.	gcide	the act of blossoming , or the season when plants blossom
flowering	n.	gcide	the act of adorning with flowers
ingloriously	adv.	gcide	in an inglorious manner
ingloriously	adv.	gcide	dishonorably
ingloriously	adv.	gcide	with shame
ingloriously	adv.	gcide	ignominiously
ingloriously	adv.	gcide	obscurely
finite	a.	gcide	having a limit
finite	a.	gcide	limited in quantity , degree , or capacity
finite	a.	gcide	bounded
chuck	v. i.	gcide	to make a noise resembling that of a hen when she calls her chickens
chuck	v. i.	gcide	to cluck
chuck	v. t.	gcide	to call , as a hen her chickens
chuck	n.	gcide	a sudden , small noise
chuck	n.	gcide	a word of endearment
chuck	v. t.	gcide	to strike gently
chuck	v. t.	gcide	to give a gentle blow to
chuck	v. t.	gcide	to toss or throw smartly out of the hand
chuck	v. t.	gcide	to pitch
chuck	n.	gcide	a slight blow or pat under the chin
chuck	n.	gcide	a short throw
chuck	n.	gcide	a toss
chuck	n.	gcide	a contrivance or machine fixed to the mandrel of a lathe , for holding a tool or the material to be operated upon
chuck	n.	gcide	a piece of the backbone of an animal , from between the neck and the collar bone , with the adjoining parts , cut for cooking
skullcap	n.	gcide	a cap which fits the head closely
skullcap	n.	gcide	formerly a headpiece of iron sewed inside of a cap for protection
leaper	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , leaps
arboreal	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a tree , or to trees
arboreal	a.	gcide	of nature of trees
arboreal	a.	gcide	attached to , found in or upon , or frequenting , woods or trees
corporeality	n.	gcide	the state of being corporeal
corporeality	n.	gcide	corporeal existence
strew	v. t.	gcide	to scatter
strew	v. t.	gcide	to spread by scattering
strew	v. t.	gcide	to cast or to throw loosely apart
strew	v. t.	gcide	to cover more or less thickly by scattering something over or upon
strew	v. t.	gcide	to cover , or lie upon , by having been scattered
strew	v. t.	gcide	to spread abroad
strew	v. t.	gcide	to disseminate
billow	n.	gcide	a great wave or surge of the sea or other water , caused usually by violent wind
billow	n.	gcide	a great wave or flood of anything
billow	v. i.	gcide	to surge
billow	v. i.	gcide	to rise and roll in waves or surges
billow	v. i.	gcide	to undulate
unbalanced	a.	gcide	not balanced
unbalanced	a.	gcide	not in equipoise
unbalanced	a.	gcide	having no counterpoise , or having insufficient counterpoise
unbalanced	a.	gcide	not adjusted
unbalanced	a.	gcide	not settled
unbalanced	a.	gcide	not brought to an equality of debt and credit
unbalanced	a.	gcide	being , or being thrown , out of equilibrium
unbalanced	a.	gcide	disordered or deranged in sense
unbalanced	a.	gcide	unsteady
unbalanced	a.	gcide	unsound
halve	v. t.	gcide	to divide into two equal parts
halve	v. t.	gcide	to be or form half of
halve	v. t.	gcide	to join , as two pieces of timber , by cutting away each for half its thickness at the joining place , and fitting together
halve	v. t.	gcide	of a hole , match , etc
slat	n.	gcide	a thin , narrow strip or bar of wood or metal
dyne	n.	gcide	the unit of force , in the c
dyne	n.	gcide	that is , the force which , acting on a gram for a second , generates a velocity of a centimeter per second
delicate	a.	gcide	pleasing to the senses
delicate	a.	gcide	adapted to please a nice or cultivated taste
delicate	a.	gcide	nice
delicate	a.	gcide	fine
delicate	a.	gcide	elegant
delicate	a.	gcide	slight and shapely
delicate	a.	gcide	lovely
delicate	a.	gcide	graceful
delicate	a.	gcide	fine or slender
delicate	a.	gcide	minute
delicate	a.	gcide	not coarse
mezzo	a.	gcide	mean
mezzo	a.	gcide	not extreme
clarify	v. t.	gcide	to make clear or bright by freeing from <unk> matter
clarify	v. t.	gcide	to defecate
clarify	v. t.	gcide	to fine
clarify	v. t.	gcide	to make clear
clarify	v. t.	gcide	to brighten or illuminate
clarify	v. i.	gcide	to grow or become clear or transparent
clarify	v. i.	gcide	to become free from <unk> impurities , as wine or other liquid under clarification
clarify	v. i.	gcide	to grow clear or bright
clarify	v. i.	gcide	to clear up
elixir	n.	gcide	a tincture with more than one base
elixir	n.	gcide	a compound tincture or medicine , composed of various substances , held in solution by alcohol in some form
elixir	n.	gcide	an imaginary liquor capable of <unk> metals into gold
elixir	n.	gcide	one for producing life indefinitely
elixir	n.	gcide	the refined spirit
elixir	n.	gcide	the quintessence
tuneless	a.	gcide	without tune
tuneless	a.	gcide	inharmonious
tuneless	a.	gcide	not employed in making music
antispasmodic	a.	gcide	good against spasms
clammy	a.	gcide	having the quality of being viscous or adhesive
clammy	a.	gcide	soft and sticky
clammy	a.	gcide	glutinous
clammy	a.	gcide	damp and adhesive , as if covered with a cold perspiration
exultant	a.	gcide	inclined to exult
exultant	a.	gcide	characterized by , or expressing , exultation
exultant	a.	gcide	rejoicing triumphantly
finality	n.	gcide	the state of being final , finished , or complete
finality	n.	gcide	a final or conclusive arrangement
finality	n.	gcide	a settlement
finality	n.	gcide	the relation of end or purpose to its means
whiting	n.	gcide	a common european food fish of the codfish family
whiting	n.	gcide	a north american fish allied to the preceding
alms	n. sing.	gcide	anything given gratuitously to relieve the poor , as money , food , or clothing
alms	n. sing.	gcide	a gift of charity
grind	v. t.	gcide	to reduce to powder by friction , as in a mill , or with the teeth
grind	v. t.	gcide	to crush into small fragments
grind	v. t.	gcide	to produce as by the action of millstones
grind	v. t.	gcide	to wear down , polish , or sharpen , by friction
grind	v. t.	gcide	to make smooth , sharp , or pointed
grind	v. t.	gcide	to whet , as a knife or drill
grind	v. t.	gcide	to rub against one another , as teeth , etc
grind	v. t.	gcide	to oppress by severe exactions
grind	v. t.	gcide	to harass
grind	v. i.	gcide	to perform the operation of grinding something
grind	v. i.	gcide	to turn the millstones
grind	v. i.	gcide	to become ground or pulverized by friction
grind	v. i.	gcide	to become polished or sharpened by friction
grind	n.	gcide	the act of reducing to powder , or of sharpening , by friction
grind	n.	gcide	any severe continuous work or occupation
grind	n.	gcide	hard and uninteresting study
grind	n.	gcide	a student that studies hard
grind	n.	gcide	a dig
snag	n.	gcide	a stump or base of a branch that has been lopped off
snag	n.	gcide	a short branch , or a sharp or rough branch
snag	n.	gcide	a knot
snag	n.	gcide	a protuberance
snag	n.	gcide	a tooth projecting beyond the rest
snag	n.	gcide	contemptuously , a broken or decayed tooth
snag	n.	gcide	a tree , or a branch of a tree , fixed in the bottom of a river or other navigable water , and rising nearly or quite to the surface , by which boats are sometimes pierced and sunk
grazing	n.	gcide	a pasture
grazing	n.	gcide	growing grass
squirt	v. t.	gcide	to drive or eject in a stream out of a narrow pipe or orifice
squirt	v. i.	gcide	to be thrown out , or ejected , in a rapid stream , from a narrow orifice
squirt	v. i.	gcide	to throw out or utter words rapidly
squirt	v. i.	gcide	to prate
squirt	n.	gcide	an instrument out of which a liquid is ejected in a small stream with force
squirt	n.	gcide	a small , quick stream
squirt	n.	gcide	a jet
squirt	n.	gcide	the whole system of flow in the vicinity of a source
rockfish	n.	gcide	the striped bass
nonentity	n.	gcide	nonexistence
nonentity	n.	gcide	the negation of being
nonentity	n.	gcide	a thing not existing
nonentity	n.	gcide	a person or thing of little or no account
nonentity	n.	gcide	an unimportant person
feasibility	n.	gcide	the quality of being feasible
feasibility	n.	gcide	practicability
feasibility	n.	gcide	that which is feasible
fishing	n.	gcide	the act , practice , or art of one who fishes
fishing	n.	gcide	a fishery
fishing	a.	gcide	used in fishery
bilateral	a.	gcide	having two sides
bilateral	a.	gcide	arranged upon two sides
bilateral	a.	gcide	affecting two sides or two parties
bilateral	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the two sides of a central area or organ , or of a central axis
pore	n.	gcide	a minute opening or passageway
pore	n.	gcide	an interstice between the constituent particles or molecules of a body
pore	v. i.	gcide	to look or gaze steadily in reading or studying
pore	v. i.	gcide	to fix the attention
pore	v. i.	gcide	to be absorbed
prevention	n.	gcide	the act of preventing or hindering
prevention	n.	gcide	obstruction of action , access , or approach
prevention	n.	gcide	thwarting
prevention	n.	gcide	prejudice
prevention	n.	gcide	prepossession
magnetically	adv.	gcide	by or as by , magnetism
acetabular	a.	gcide	cup - shaped
acetabular	a.	gcide	saucer - shaped
madden	v. t.	gcide	to make mad
madden	v. t.	gcide	to drive to madness
madden	v. t.	gcide	to drive to insanity
madden	v. t.	gcide	to craze
madden	v. t.	gcide	to make very angry
madden	v. t.	gcide	to enrage
madden	v. t.	gcide	to excite violently with passion
madden	v. i.	gcide	to become mad
madden	v. i.	gcide	to act as if mad
chessboard	n.	gcide	the board used in the game of chess , having eight rows of alternate light and dark squares , eight in each row
acuteness	n.	gcide	the quality of being acute or pointed
acuteness	n.	gcide	sharpness
acuteness	n.	gcide	the faculty of nice discernment or perception
acuteness	n.	gcide	acumen
acuteness	n.	gcide	keenness
acuteness	n.	gcide	sharpness
acuteness	n.	gcide	shrillness
acuteness	n.	gcide	high pitch
inward	a.	gcide	being or placed within
inward	a.	gcide	inner
inward	a.	gcide	interior
inward	a.	gcide	seated in the mind , heart , spirit , or soul
inward	n.	gcide	in the plural the inner parts or organs of the body
inward	n.	gcide	the viscera
inward	adv.	gcide	toward the inside
inward	adv.	gcide	toward the center or interior
inward	adv.	gcide	into , or toward , the mind or thoughts
inward	adv.	gcide	inwardly
commode	n.	gcide	a kind of headdress formerly worn by ladies , raising the hair and fore part of the cap to a great height
commode	n.	gcide	a chest of drawers or a bureau
commode	n.	gcide	a night stand with a compartment for holding a chamber vessel
strife	n.	gcide	exertion or contention for superiority
strife	n.	gcide	contest of emulation , either by intellectual or physical efforts
strife	n.	gcide	altercation
strife	n.	gcide	violent contention
strife	n.	gcide	fight
strife	n.	gcide	battle
steeper	n.	gcide	a vessel , vat , or cistern , in which things are steeped
definite	a.	gcide	having certain or distinct
definite	a.	gcide	determinate in extent or greatness
definite	a.	gcide	limited
definite	a.	gcide	fixed
definite	a.	gcide	having certain limits in signification
definite	a.	gcide	determinate
definite	a.	gcide	certain
definite	a.	gcide	precise
definite	a.	gcide	fixed
definite	a.	gcide	exact
definite	a.	gcide	clear
definite	a.	gcide	serving to define or restrict
definite	a.	gcide	limiting
definite	a.	gcide	determining
hogshead	n.	gcide	a half pipe
hogshead	n.	gcide	a large cask or barrel , of indefinite contents
venter	n.	gcide	the belly
venter	n.	gcide	the abdomen
venter	n.	gcide	the uterus , or womb
venter	n.	gcide	a belly , or protuberant part
venter	n.	gcide	a broad surface
songstress	n.	gcide	a woman who sings
songstress	n.	gcide	a female singing bird
mullion	n.	gcide	a slender bar or pier which forms the division between the lights of windows , screens , etc
mullion	n.	gcide	an upright member of a framing
spider	n.	gcide	an iron pan with a long handle , used as a kitchen utensil in frying food
propose	v. t.	gcide	to offer for consideration , discussion , acceptance , or adoption
propose	v. t.	gcide	to set before one ' s self or others as a purpose formed
propose	v. t.	gcide	to purpose
propose	v. t.	gcide	to intend
propose	v. i.	gcide	to form or declare a purpose or intention
propose	v. i.	gcide	to lay a scheme
propose	v. i.	gcide	to design
propose	v. i.	gcide	to offer one ' s self in marriage
cantankerous	a.	gcide	perverse
cantankerous	a.	gcide	contentious
cantankerous	a.	gcide	ugly
cantankerous	a.	gcide	malicious
gloom	n.	gcide	partial or total darkness
gloom	n.	gcide	thick shade
gloom	n.	gcide	obscurity
gloom	n.	gcide	a shady , gloomy , or dark place or grove
gloom	n.	gcide	cloudiness or heaviness of mind
gloom	n.	gcide	melancholy
gloom	n.	gcide	aspect of sorrow
gloom	n.	gcide	low spirits
gloom	n.	gcide	dullness
gloom	v. i.	gcide	to shine or appear obscurely or imperfectly
gloom	v. i.	gcide	to glimmer
gloom	v. i.	gcide	to become dark or dim
gloom	v. i.	gcide	to be or appear dismal , gloomy , or sad
gloom	v. i.	gcide	to come to the evening twilight
gloom	v. t.	gcide	to render gloomy or dark
gloom	v. t.	gcide	to obscure
gloom	v. t.	gcide	to darken
gloom	v. t.	gcide	to make sad , dismal , or sullen
guano	n.	gcide	a substance found in great abundance on some coasts or islands frequented by sea fowls , and composed chiefly of their excrement
arming	n.	gcide	the act of furnishing with , or taking , arms
arming	n.	gcide	a piece of tallow placed in a cavity at the lower end of a sounding lead , to bring up the sand , shells , etc
arming	n.	gcide	red dress cloths formerly hung fore and aft outside of a ship ' s upper works on holidays
tablet	n.	gcide	a small table or flat surface
tablet	n.	gcide	a flat piece of any material on which to write , paint , draw , or engrave
tablet	n.	gcide	such a piece containing an inscription or a picture
tablet	n.	gcide	a kind of pocket memorandum book
cretaceous	a.	gcide	having the qualities of chalk
cretaceous	a.	gcide	abounding with chalk
cretaceous	a.	gcide	chalky
campaigner	n.	gcide	one who has served in an army in several campaigns
campaigner	n.	gcide	an old soldier
campaigner	n.	gcide	a veteran
trebuchet	n.	gcide	a military engine used in the middle ages for throwing stones , etc
plane	a.	gcide	without elevations or depressions
plane	a.	gcide	even
plane	a.	gcide	level
plane	a.	gcide	flat
plane	n.	gcide	a surface , real or imaginary , in which , if any two points are taken , the straight line which joins them lies wholly in that surface
plane	n.	gcide	a surface , any section of which by a like surface is a straight line
plane	n.	gcide	a surface without curvature
plane	n.	gcide	an ideal surface , conceived as <unk> with , or containing , some designated astronomical line , circle , or other curve
plane	n.	gcide	a block or plate having a perfectly flat surface , used as a standard of flatness
plane	n.	gcide	a surface plate
plane	v. t.	gcide	to make smooth
plane	v. t.	gcide	to level
plane	v. t.	gcide	to efface or remove
plane	v. i.	gcide	of a boat , to lift more or less out of the water while in motion , after the manner of a hydroplane
plane	v. i.	gcide	to hydroplane
harmonious	a.	gcide	adapted to each other
harmonious	a.	gcide	having parts proportioned to each other
harmonious	a.	gcide	symmetrical
harmonious	a.	gcide	acting together to a common end
harmonious	a.	gcide	agreeing in action or feeling
harmonious	a.	gcide	living in peace and friendship
harmonious	a.	gcide	vocally or musically concordant
harmonious	a.	gcide	agreeably consonant
lace	n.	gcide	that which binds or holds , especially by being interwoven
lace	n.	gcide	a string , cord , or band , usually one passing through eyelet or other holes , and used in drawing and holding together parts of a garment , of a shoe , of a machine belt , etc
lace	n.	gcide	a fabric of fine threads of linen , silk , cotton , etc
lace	n.	gcide	a delicate tissue of thread , much worn as an ornament of dress
lace	n.	gcide	spirits added to coffee or some other beverage
lace	v. t.	gcide	to adorn with narrow strips or braids of some decorative material
lace	v. t.	gcide	to beat
lace	v. t.	gcide	to lash
lace	v. t.	gcide	to make stripes on
quandary	n.	gcide	a state of difficulty or perplexity
quandary	n.	gcide	doubt
quandary	n.	gcide	uncertainty
eradicate	v. t.	gcide	to pluck up by the roots
eradicate	v. t.	gcide	to root up
eradicate	v. t.	gcide	to root out
eradicate	v. t.	gcide	to destroy utterly
eradicate	v. t.	gcide	to extirpate
equanimity	n.	gcide	evenness of mind
equanimity	n.	gcide	that calm temper or firmness of mind which is not easily elated or depressed
equanimity	n.	gcide	patience
equanimity	n.	gcide	calmness
equanimity	n.	gcide	composure
presidio	n.	gcide	a place of defense
presidio	n.	gcide	a fortress
presidio	n.	gcide	a garrison
presidio	n.	gcide	a fortress
presidio	n.	gcide	a garrison or guardhouse
fossil	a.	gcide	dug out of the earth
fossil	a.	gcide	preserved from a previous geological age
fossil	a.	gcide	like or pertaining to fossils
fossil	a.	gcide	contained in rocks , whether <unk> or not
fossil	n.	gcide	the remains of an animal or plant found in stratified rocks
fossil	n.	gcide	a person whose views and opinions are extremely antiquated
fossil	n.	gcide	one whose sympathies are with a former time rather than with the present
redevelop	v. t.	gcide	to develop again
redevelop	v. t.	gcide	to intensify ( a developed image ), as by bleaching with mercuric chloride and subsequently subjecting anew to a developing agent
redevelop	v. t.	gcide	to rebuild an urban area , usually commercial but sometimes residential
facultative	a.	gcide	having relation to the grant or exercise faculty , or authority , privilege , license , or the like hence , optional
facultative	a.	gcide	opposed to obligatory and compulsory , and sometimes used with to
facultative	a.	gcide	of such a character as to admit of existing under various forms or conditions , or of happening or not happening , or the like
facultative	a.	gcide	having the power to live under different conditions
mesmerize	v. t.	gcide	to bring into a state of mesmeric sleep
mesmerize	v. t.	gcide	to hypnotize
mesmerize	v. t.	gcide	to produce an intense fascination in
mesmerize	v. t.	gcide	to spellbind
bursar	n.	gcide	a treasurer , or cash keeper
bursar	n.	gcide	a purser
bursar	n.	gcide	a student to whom a stipend or bursary is paid for his complete or partial support
trivial	a.	gcide	dinary
trivial	a.	gcide	commonplace
trivial	a.	gcide	trifling
trivial	a.	gcide	vulgar
trivial	a.	gcide	of little worth or importance
trivial	a.	gcide	inconsiderable
trivial	a.	gcide	trifling
trivial	a.	gcide	petty
trivial	a.	gcide	paltry
trivial	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the trivium
sinner	n.	gcide	a persistent and incorrigible transgressor
sinner	n.	gcide	one condemned by the law of god
lettuce	n.	gcide	a composite plant of the genus lactuca lactuca sativa ), the leaves of which are used as salad
lettuce	n.	gcide	united states currency
lettuce	n.	gcide	dollar bills
tendency	n.	gcide	direction or course toward any place , object , effect , or result
tendency	n.	gcide	drift
tendency	n.	gcide	causal or efficient influence to bring about an effect or result
nitroglycerin	n.	gcide	a liquid appearing like a heavy oil , colorless or yellowish , and consisting of a mixture of several glycerin salts of nitric acid , and hence more properly called glycerin nitrate
cotter	n.	gcide	a cottager
cotter	n.	gcide	a piece of wood or metal , commonly wedge - shaped , used for fastening together parts of a machine or structure
cotter	n.	gcide	a toggle
primate	n.	gcide	the chief ecclesiastic in a national church
primate	n.	gcide	one who presides over other bishops in a province
primate	n.	gcide	an archbishop
primate	n.	gcide	one of the primates
malediction	n.	gcide	a proclaiming of evil against some one
malediction	n.	gcide	a cursing
malediction	n.	gcide	imprecation
malediction	n.	gcide	a curse or execration
susceptibility	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being susceptible
susceptibility	n.	gcide	the capability of receiving impressions , or of being affected
susceptibility	n.	gcide	specifically , capacity for deep feeling or emotional excitement
susceptibility	n.	gcide	sensibility , in its broadest acceptation
deafening	n.	gcide	the act or process of rendering impervious to sound , as a floor or wall
deafening	n.	gcide	the material with which the spaces are filled in this process
deafening	n.	gcide	sound insulation
voluntarily	adv.	gcide	in a voluntary manner
voluntarily	adv.	gcide	of one ' s own will
voluntarily	adv.	gcide	spontaneously
telephony	n.	gcide	the art or process of reproducing sounds at a distance , as with the telephone
vixen	n.	gcide	a cross , ill - tempered person
terminal	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the end or extremity
terminal	a.	gcide	forming the extremity
terminal	a.	gcide	growing at the end of a branch or stem
terminal	a.	gcide	terminating
terminal	a.	gcide	connected with the receipt or delivery of freight
terminal	n.	gcide	that which terminates or ends
terminal	n.	gcide	termination
terminal	n.	gcide	extremity
terminal	n.	gcide	a pole
terminal	n.	gcide	the end of a line of railroad , with the <unk> , stations , sheds , and other appliances pertaining thereto
palm	n.	gcide	the inner and somewhat concave part of the hand between the bases of the fingers and the wrist
palm	n.	gcide	a lineal measure equal either to the breadth of the hand or to its length from the wrist to the ends of the fingers
palm	n.	gcide	a hand
palm	n.	gcide	any symbol or token of superiority , success , or triumph
palm	n.	gcide	victory
palm	n.	gcide	triumph
palm	n.	gcide	supremacy
palm	v. t.	gcide	to juggle
palm	v. t.	gcide	to impose by fraud , as by sleight of hand
palm	v. t.	gcide	to put by unfair means
outfit	n.	gcide	a fitting out , or equipment , as of a ship for a voyage , or of a person for an expedition in an unoccupied region or residence in a foreign land
outfit	n.	gcide	the expense of , or allowance made for , equipment , as by the government of the united states to a diplomatic agent going abroad
outfit	n.	gcide	any assemblage of objects required for or used in performing a task
outfit	n.	gcide	things required as equipment for a task
outfit	n.	gcide	a complete ensemble of clothing , selected to form a matching set
outfit	n.	gcide	a coordinated costume
assumed	a.	gcide	supposed
assumed	a.	gcide	pretended
assumed	a.	gcide	hypocritical
assumed	a.	gcide	make - believe
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to feel , or endure , with pain , annoyance , etc
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to submit to with distress or grief
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to undergo
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to endure or undergo without sinking
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to support
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to sustain
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to bear up under
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to undergo
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to be affected by
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to sustain
suffer	v. t.	gcide	to experience
suffer	v. i.	gcide	to feel or undergo pain of body or mind
suffer	v. i.	gcide	to bear what is inconvenient
suffer	v. i.	gcide	to undergo punishment
suffer	v. i.	gcide	specifically , to undergo the penalty of death
suffer	v. i.	gcide	to be injured
suffer	v. i.	gcide	to sustain loss or damage
loaf	n.	gcide	any thick lump , mass , or cake
loaf	n.	gcide	a large regularly shaped or molded mass as of bread sugar or cake
loaf	v. i.	gcide	to spend time in idleness
loaf	v. i.	gcide	to lounge or loiter about
loaf	v. t.	gcide	to spend in idleness
furry	a.	gcide	covered with fur
furry	a.	gcide	dressed in fur
furry	a.	gcide	consisting of fur
furry	a.	gcide	resembling fur
inconsolable	a.	gcide	incapable of being consoled
inconsolable	a.	gcide	grieved beyond susceptibility of comfort
inconsolable	a.	gcide	disconsolate
ductility	n.	gcide	the property of a metal which allows it to be drawn into wires or filaments
theft	n.	gcide	the act of stealing
theft	n.	gcide	specifically , the felonious taking and removing of personal property , with an intent to deprive the rightful owner of the same
theft	n.	gcide	larceny
stirrer	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , stirs something
stirrer	n.	gcide	one who moves about especially after sleep
monotype	a.	gcide	having but one type
monotype	a.	gcide	containing but one representative
changeable	a.	gcide	capable of change
changeable	a.	gcide	subject to alteration
changeable	a.	gcide	mutable
changeable	a.	gcide	variable
changeable	a.	gcide	fickle
changeable	a.	gcide	inconstant
changeable	a.	gcide	appearing different , as in color , in different lights , or under different circumstances
skinflint	n.	gcide	a penurious person
skinflint	n.	gcide	a miser
skinflint	n.	gcide	a niggard
lumpy	a.	gcide	full of lumps , or small compact masses
souse	n.	gcide	pickle made with salt
souse	n.	gcide	something kept or steeped in pickle
souse	n.	gcide	the pickled ears feet etc
souse	n.	gcide	a plunging into water
souse	v. t.	gcide	to steep in pickle
souse	v. t.	gcide	to pickle
souse	v. t.	gcide	to plunge or immerse in water or any liquid
souse	v. t.	gcide	to drench , as by an immersion
souse	v. i.	gcide	to swoop or plunge , as a bird upon its prey
souse	v. i.	gcide	to fall suddenly
souse	v. i.	gcide	to rush with speed
souse	v. i.	gcide	to make a sudden attack
souse	adv.	gcide	with a sudden swoop
souse	adv.	gcide	violently
exhausting	a.	gcide	producing exhaustion
unrivaled	a.	gcide	having no rival
unrivaled	a.	gcide	without a competitor
unrivaled	a.	gcide	peerless
thalamus	n.	gcide	a mass of nervous matter on either side of the third ventricle of the brain
thalamus	n.	gcide	the receptacle of a flower
thalamus	n.	gcide	a torus
seraphic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a seraph
seraphic	a.	gcide	becoming , or suitable to , a seraph
seraphic	a.	gcide	angelic
seraphic	a.	gcide	sublime
seraphic	a.	gcide	pure
seraphic	a.	gcide	refined
pliant	a.	gcide	capable of plying or bending
pliant	a.	gcide	readily yielding to force or pressure without breaking
pliant	a.	gcide	flexible
pliant	a.	gcide	pliable
pliant	a.	gcide	lithe
pliant	a.	gcide	limber
pliant	a.	gcide	plastic
pliant	a.	gcide	tractable
unchristian	a.	gcide	not christian
unchristian	a.	gcide	not converted to the christian faith
unchristian	a.	gcide	infidel
unchristian	a.	gcide	contrary to christianity
unchristian	a.	gcide	not like or becoming a christian
congruity	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being congruous
congruity	n.	gcide	the relation or agreement between things
congruity	n.	gcide	fitness
congruity	n.	gcide	harmony
congruity	n.	gcide	correspondence
congruity	n.	gcide	consistency
congruity	n.	gcide	coincidence , as that of lines or figures laid over one another
congruity	n.	gcide	that , in an imperfectly good persons , which renders it suitable for god to bestow on him gifts of grace
barreled	a.	gcide	having a barrel
barreled	a.	gcide	put in or stored in a barrel
barreled	a.	gcide	tapered toward both ends
conventional	a.	gcide	formed by agreement or compact
conventional	a.	gcide	stipulated
conventional	a.	gcide	growing out of , or depending on , custom or tacit agreement
conventional	a.	gcide	sanctioned by general concurrence or usage
conventional	a.	gcide	formal
conventional	a.	gcide	based upon tradition , whether religious and historical or of artistic rules
influx	n.	gcide	the act of flowing in
influx	n.	gcide	a coming in
influx	n.	gcide	infusion
influx	n.	gcide	introduction
influx	n.	gcide	importation in abundance
influx	n.	gcide	that which flows or comes in
viscous	a.	gcide	adhesive or sticky , and having a ropy or glutinous consistency
viscous	a.	gcide	viscid
viscous	a.	gcide	glutinous
viscous	a.	gcide	clammy
viscous	a.	gcide	tenacious
bath	n.	gcide	the act of exposing the body , or part of the body , for purposes of cleanliness , comfort , health , etc
bath	n.	gcide	water or other liquid for bathing
bath	n.	gcide	a receptacle or place where persons may immerse or wash their bodies in water
bath	n.	gcide	a hebrew measure containing the tenth of a homer , or five gallons and three pints , as a measure for liquids
bath	n.	gcide	and two pecks and five quarts , as a dry measure
commute	v. t.	gcide	to exchange
commute	v. t.	gcide	to put or substitute something else in place of , as a smaller penalty , obligation , or payment , for a greater , or a single thing for an aggregate
commute	v. t.	gcide	to lessen
commute	v. t.	gcide	to diminish
commute	v. i.	gcide	to obtain or bargain for exemption or substitution
commute	v. i.	gcide	to effect a commutation
commute	v. i.	gcide	to pay , or arrange to pay , in gross instead of part by part
commute	v. i.	gcide	to travel regularly from a place of residence to another place , such as where one ' s daily work is performed
rider	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , rides
rider	n.	gcide	a commercial traveler
rider	n.	gcide	one who breaks or manages a horse
sensorium	n.	gcide	the seat of sensation
sensorium	n.	gcide	the nervous center or centers to which impressions from the external world must be conveyed before they can be perceived
sensorium	n.	gcide	the place where external impressions are localized , and transformed into sensations , prior to being reflected to other parts of the organism
sensorium	n.	gcide	the whole nervous system when animated so far as it is susceptible of common or special sensations
regeneration	n.	gcide	the entering into a new spiritual life
regeneration	n.	gcide	the act of becoming , or of being made , christian
regeneration	n.	gcide	the reproduction of a part which has been removed or destroyed
regeneration	n.	gcide	re - formation
philharmonic	a.	gcide	loving harmony or music
philharmonic	n.	gcide	one who loves harmony or music
brawler	n.	gcide	wrangler
controllable	a.	gcide	capable of being controlled , checked , or restrained
controllable	a.	gcide	amenable to command
puritan	n.	gcide	one who is scrupulous and strict in his religious life
removal	n.	gcide	the act of removing , or the state of being removed
platitude	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being flat , thin , or insipid
platitude	n.	gcide	flat commonness
platitude	n.	gcide	staleness of ideas of language
platitude	n.	gcide	a thought or remark which is flat , dull , trite , or weak
platitude	n.	gcide	a truism
platitude	n.	gcide	a commonplace
bone	n.	gcide	the hard , calcified tissue of the skeleton of vertebrate animals , consisting very largely of calcium carbonate , calcium phosphate , and <unk>
bone	n.	gcide	one of the pieces or parts of an animal skeleton
bone	n.	gcide	any fragment of bony substance
bone	v. t.	gcide	to withdraw bones from the flesh of , as in cookery
bone	v. t.	gcide	to put whalebone into
bone	v. t.	gcide	to sight along an object or set of objects , to see if it or they be level or in line , as in carpentry , masonry , and surveying
impurity	n.	gcide	the condition or quality of being impure in any sense
impurity	n.	gcide	defilement
impurity	n.	gcide	foulness
impurity	n.	gcide	adulteration
impurity	n.	gcide	that which is , or which renders anything , impure
impurity	n.	gcide	foul matter , action , language , etc
impurity	n.	gcide	a foreign ingredient
impurity	n.	gcide	lack of ceremonial purity
impurity	n.	gcide	defilement
excise	n.	gcide	in inland duty or impost operating as an indirect tax on the consumer , levied upon certain specified articles , as , tobacco , ale , spirits , etc
excise	v. t.	gcide	to cut out or off
excise	v. t.	gcide	to separate and remove
bovine	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the genus bos
bovine	a.	gcide	relating to , or resembling , the ox or cow
bovine	a.	gcide	having qualities characteristic of oxen or cows
bovine	a.	gcide	sluggish and patient
bovine	a.	gcide	dull
sinuous	a.	gcide	bending in and out
sinuous	a.	gcide	of a serpentine or undulating form
sinuous	a.	gcide	winding
sinuous	a.	gcide	crooked
level	n.	gcide	a line or surface to which , at every point , a vertical or plumb line is perpendicular
level	n.	gcide	a line or surface which is everywhere parallel to the surface of still water
level	n.	gcide	a horizontal line or plane
level	n.	gcide	an approximately horizontal line or surface at a certain degree of altitude , or distance from the center of the earth
level	a.	gcide	even
level	a.	gcide	flat
level	a.	gcide	having no part higher than another
level	a.	gcide	having , or conforming to , the curvature which belongs to the undisturbed liquid parts of the earth ' s surface
level	a.	gcide	<unk> or parallel with the plane of the horizon
level	a.	gcide	horizontal
level	a.	gcide	even with anything else
level	a.	gcide	of the same height
level	a.	gcide	on the same line or plane
level	a.	gcide	on the same footing
level	a.	gcide	of equal importance
level	v. t.	gcide	to make horizontal
level	v. t.	gcide	to make flat or even
level	v. t.	gcide	to overthrow
level	v. t.	gcide	to topple down
level	v. t.	gcide	to reduce to a flat surface
level	v. t.	gcide	to lower
level	v. t.	gcide	to bring to a horizontal position , as a gun
level	v. t.	gcide	to point in taking aim
level	v. t.	gcide	to aim
level	v. t.	gcide	to direct
level	v. i.	gcide	to aim a gun , spear , etc
level	v. i.	gcide	to aim or point a weapon in direct line with the mark
level	v. i.	gcide	fig
van	n.	gcide	the front of an army
van	n.	gcide	the first line or leading column
van	n.	gcide	the front line or foremost division of a fleet either in sailing or in battle
van	n.	gcide	a shovel used in cleansing ore
van	v. t.	gcide	to wash or cleanse , as a small portion of ore , on a shovel
van	n.	gcide	a light wagon , either covered or open , used by tradesmen and others for the transportation of goods
van	n.	gcide	a large covered wagon for moving furniture , etc
van	n.	gcide	a closed railway car for baggage
van	n.	gcide	a fan or other contrivance , as a sieve , for winnowing grain
sag	v. i.	gcide	to sink , in the middle , by its weight or under applied pressure , below a horizontal line or plane
sag	v. i.	gcide	to lean give way or settle from a vertical position
sag	v. i.	gcide	to loiter in walking
sag	v. i.	gcide	to idle along
sag	v. i.	gcide	to drag or droop heavily
sag	v. t.	gcide	to cause to bend or give way
sag	v. t.	gcide	to load
sag	n.	gcide	state of sinking or bending
sag	n.	gcide	sagging
unreal	a.	gcide	not real
unreal	a.	gcide	unsubstantial
unreal	a.	gcide	fanciful
unreal	a.	gcide	ideal
pay	v. t.	gcide	to cover , as bottom of a vessel , a seam , a spar , etc
pay	v. t.	gcide	to smear
pay	v. t.	gcide	to satisfy , or content
pay	v. t.	gcide	specifically , to satisfy ( another person ) for service rendered , property delivered , etc
pay	v. t.	gcide	to discharge one ' s obligation to
pay	v. t.	gcide	to make due return to
pay	v. t.	gcide	to compensate
pay	v. t.	gcide	to remunerate
pay	v. t.	gcide	to recompense
pay	v. t.	gcide	to requite
pay	v. t.	gcide	figuratively : to compensate justly
pay	v. t.	gcide	to requite according to merit
pay	v. t.	gcide	to reward
pay	v. t.	gcide	to punish
pay	v. t.	gcide	to retort or retaliate upon
pay	v. t.	gcide	to discharge , as a debt , demand , or obligation , by giving or doing what is due or required
pay	v. t.	gcide	to deliver the amount or value of to the person to whom it is owing
pay	v. t.	gcide	to discharge a debt by delivering ( money owed )
pay	v. i.	gcide	to give a recompense
pay	v. i.	gcide	to make payment , requital , or satisfaction
pay	v. i.	gcide	to discharge a debt
pay	v. i.	gcide	to make or secure suitable return for expense or trouble
pay	v. i.	gcide	to be remunerative or profitable
pay	v. i.	gcide	to be worth the effort or pains required
pay	n.	gcide	satisfaction
pay	n.	gcide	content
pay	n.	gcide	an equivalent or return for money due , goods purchased , or services performed
pay	n.	gcide	salary or wages for work or service
pay	n.	gcide	compensation
pay	n.	gcide	recompense
pay	n.	gcide	payment
pay	n.	gcide	hire
frieze	n.	gcide	that part of the entablature of an order which is between the architrave and cornice
frieze	n.	gcide	any sculptured or richly ornamented band in a building or , by extension , in rich pieces of furniture
frieze	v. t.	gcide	to make a nap on ( cloth )
feminine	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a woman , or to women
feminine	a.	gcide	characteristic of a woman
feminine	a.	gcide	womanish
feminine	a.	gcide	womanly
feminine	a.	gcide	having the qualities of a woman
feminine	a.	gcide	becoming or appropriate to the female sex
feminine	a.	gcide	as , in a good sense , modest , graceful , affectionate , confiding
feminine	a.	gcide	in a bad sense weak nerveless timid pleasure - loving effeminate
feminine	n.	gcide	as , actress songstress abbess <unk>
derisory	a.	gcide	derisive
derisory	a.	gcide	mocking
desperately	adv.	gcide	in a desperate manner
desperately	adv.	gcide	without regard to danger or safety
desperately	adv.	gcide	recklessly
desperately	adv.	gcide	extremely
senility	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being senile
senility	n.	gcide	old age
extrusion	n.	gcide	the act of thrusting or pushing out
extrusion	n.	gcide	a driving out
extrusion	n.	gcide	expulsion
theorize	v. i.	gcide	to form a theory or theories
theorize	v. i.	gcide	to form opinions solely by theory
theorize	v. i.	gcide	to speculate
taffy	n.	gcide	a kind of candy made of molasses or brown sugar boiled down and poured out in shallow pans
taffy	n.	gcide	flattery
taffy	n.	gcide	soft phrases
elysian	a.	gcide	pertaining , or the abode of the blessed after death
elysian	a.	gcide	yielding the highest pleasures
elysian	a.	gcide	exceedingly delightful
elysian	a.	gcide	beatific
fashion	n.	gcide	the make or form of anything
fashion	n.	gcide	the style , shape , appearance , or mode of structure
fashion	n.	gcide	pattern , model
fashion	n.	gcide	workmanship
fashion	n.	gcide	execution
fashion	n.	gcide	the prevailing mode or style , especially of dress
fashion	n.	gcide	custom or conventional usage in respect of dress , behavior , etiquette , etc
fashion	n.	gcide	particularly , the mode or style usual among persons of good breeding
fashion	n.	gcide	polite , fashionable , or genteel life
fashion	n.	gcide	social position
fashion	n.	gcide	good breeding
fashion	v. t.	gcide	to form
fashion	v. t.	gcide	to give shape or figure to
fashion	v. t.	gcide	to mold
fashion	v. t.	gcide	to fit
fashion	v. t.	gcide	to adapt
fashion	v. t.	gcide	to accommodate
fashion	v. t.	gcide	to make according to the rule prescribed by custom
forearm	v. t.	gcide	to arm or prepare for attack or resistance before the time of need
forearm	n.	gcide	that part of the arm or fore limb between the elbow and wrist
hedonism	n.	gcide	the doctrine of the hedonic sect
hedonism	n.	gcide	the pursuit of pleasure as a matter of ethical principle
hedonism	n.	gcide	the ethical theory which finds the explanation and authority of duty in its tendency to give pleasure
nutritive	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to nutrition
nutritive	a.	gcide	having the quality of nourishing
nutritive	a.	gcide	nutritious
allegation	n.	gcide	that which is alleged , asserted , or declared
allegation	n.	gcide	positive assertion
allegation	n.	gcide	formal averment
allegation	n.	gcide	a statement by a party of what he undertakes to prove , -- usually applied to each separate averment
allegation	n.	gcide	the charge or matter undertaken to be proved
drab	n.	gcide	a low , sluttish woman
drab	n.	gcide	a lewd wench
drab	n.	gcide	a strumpet
drab	n.	gcide	a wooden box , used in salt works for holding the salt when taken out of the boiling pans
drab	v. i.	gcide	to wench
drab	n.	gcide	a kind of thick woolen cloth of a dun , or dull brownish yellow , or dull gray , color
drab	n.	gcide	a dull brownish yellow or dull gray color
drab	a.	gcide	of a color between gray and brown
kindness	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being kind , in any of its various senses
kindness	n.	gcide	manifestation of kind feeling or disposition beneficence
kindness	n.	gcide	a kind act
kindness	n.	gcide	an act of good will
beaked	a.	gcide	having a beak or a beaklike point
beaked	a.	gcide	beak - shaped
beaked	a.	gcide	furnished with a process or a mouth like a beak
chambered	a.	gcide	having a chamber or chambers
cheaply	adv.	gcide	at a small price
cheaply	adv.	gcide	at a low value
cheaply	adv.	gcide	in a common or inferior manner
crib	n.	gcide	a manger or rack
crib	n.	gcide	a feeding place for animals
crib	n.	gcide	a stall for oxen or other cattle
crib	n.	gcide	a small inclosed bedstead or cot for a child
crib	v. t.	gcide	to shut up or confine in a narrow habitation
crib	v. t.	gcide	to cage
crib	v. t.	gcide	to cramp
crib	v. t.	gcide	to pilfer or purloin
crib	v. t.	gcide	to steal from an author
crib	v. t.	gcide	to appropriate
crib	v. t.	gcide	to plagiarize
crib	v. i.	gcide	to seize the manger or other solid object with the teeth and draw in wind
effigy	n.	gcide	the image , likeness , or representation of a person , whether a full figure , or a part
effigy	n.	gcide	an imitative figure
naturalism	n.	gcide	a state of nature
naturalism	n.	gcide	conformity to nature
naturalism	n.	gcide	the doctrine of those who deny a supernatural agency in the <unk> and revelations recorded in the bible , and in spiritual influences
naturalism	n.	gcide	any system of philosophy which refers the phenomena of nature to a blind force or forces acting necessarily or according to fixed laws excluding origination or direction by one intelligent will
naturalism	n.	gcide	the theory that art or literature should conform to nature
naturalism	n.	gcide	realism
naturalism	n.	gcide	the quality rendering or expression of art or literature executed according to this theory
continually	adv.	gcide	without cessation
continually	adv.	gcide	continuously
continually	adv.	gcide	in regular or repeated succession
continually	adv.	gcide	very often
delusory	a.	gcide	delusive
delusory	a.	gcide	fallacious
butchery	n.	gcide	murder or manslaughter , especially when committed with unusual barbarity
butchery	n.	gcide	great or cruel slaughter
binomial	n.	gcide	as , a + b , or 7 - 3
binomial	a.	gcide	consisting of two terms
binomial	a.	gcide	having two names
eros	n.	gcide	love
eros	n.	gcide	the god of love
sentiment	n.	gcide	a thought prompted by passion or feeling
sentiment	n.	gcide	a state of mind in view of some subject
sentiment	n.	gcide	feeling toward or respecting some person or thing
sentiment	n.	gcide	disposition prompting to action or expression
sentiment	n.	gcide	generally a decision of the mind formed by deliberation or reasoning
sentiment	n.	gcide	thought
sentiment	n.	gcide	opinion
sentiment	n.	gcide	notion
sentiment	n.	gcide	judgment
sentiment	n.	gcide	a sentence , or passage , considered as the expression of a thought
sentiment	n.	gcide	a maxim
sentiment	n.	gcide	a saying
sentiment	n.	gcide	a toast
trading	a.	gcide	carrying on trade or commerce
trading	a.	gcide	engaged in trade
trading	a.	gcide	venal
trading	a.	gcide	corrupt
bless	v. t.	gcide	to make or pronounce holy
bless	v. t.	gcide	to consecrate
bless	v. t.	gcide	to confer prosperity or happiness upon
bless	v. t.	gcide	to grant divine favor to
bless	v. t.	gcide	to express a wish or prayer for the happiness of
bless	v. t.	gcide	to invoke a blessing upon
gamecock	n.	gcide	the male game fowl
squeezer	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , <unk>
squeezer	n.	gcide	a machine of several forms for the same purpose
theca	n.	gcide	a sheath
theca	n.	gcide	a case
frolic	a.	gcide	full of levity
frolic	a.	gcide	full of pranks
frolic	a.	gcide	frolicsome
frolic	a.	gcide	gay
frolic	a.	gcide	merry
frolic	n.	gcide	a wild prank
frolic	n.	gcide	a flight of levity , or of gayety and mirth
frolic	n.	gcide	a scene of gayety and mirth , as in lively play , or in dancing
frolic	n.	gcide	a merrymaking
frolic	v. i.	gcide	to play wild pranks
frolic	v. i.	gcide	to play tricks of levity , mirth , and gayety
frolic	v. i.	gcide	to indulge in frolicsome play
frolic	v. i.	gcide	to sport
mascot	n.	gcide	a person who is supposed to bring good luck to the household to which he or she belongs
mascot	n.	gcide	anything that brings good luck
mascot	n.	gcide	an animal kept by a group as a sports team to serve as a symbol and to bring luck
epiphany	n.	gcide	an appearance , or a becoming manifest
outcrop	n.	gcide	the coming out of a stratum to the surface of the ground
outcrop	n.	gcide	that part of inclined strata which appears at the surface
outcrop	n.	gcide	basset
outcrop	v. i.	gcide	to come out to the surface of the ground
interested	a.	gcide	having the attention engaged
interested	a.	gcide	having emotion or passion excited
interested	a.	gcide	having an interest
interested	a.	gcide	concerned in a cause or in consequences
interested	a.	gcide	liable to be affected or prejudiced
perfume	v. t.	gcide	to scent
perfume	n.	gcide	the scent , odor , or odoriferous particles emitted from a sweet - smelling substance
perfume	n.	gcide	a pleasant odor
perfume	n.	gcide	fragrance
perfume	n.	gcide	aroma
perfume	n.	gcide	a substance that emits an agreeable odor
minder	n.	gcide	one who <unk> , tends , or watches something , as a child , a machine , or cattle
minder	n.	gcide	one to be attended
minder	n.	gcide	specifically , a pauper child intrusted to the care of a private person
mountain	n.	gcide	a large mass of earth and rock , rising above the common level of the earth or adjacent land
mountain	n.	gcide	earth and rock forming an isolated peak or a ridge
mountain	n.	gcide	an eminence higher than a hill
mountain	n.	gcide	a mount
mountain	n.	gcide	a range , chain , or group of such elevations
mountain	n.	gcide	something of great bulk
mountain	n.	gcide	a large quantity
mountain	a.	gcide	found on or peculiar to mountains
mountain	a.	gcide	among mountains
mountain	a.	gcide	mountainous
mountain	a.	gcide	vast
mountain	a.	gcide	very great
respire	v. i.	gcide	to take breath again
respire	v. i.	gcide	to take rest or refreshment
respire	v. i.	gcide	to breathe
respire	v. i.	gcide	to inhale air into the lungs , and exhale it from them , successively , for the purpose of maintaining the vitality of the blood
respire	v. t.	gcide	to breathe in and out
respire	v. t.	gcide	to inspire and expire ,, as air
respire	v. t.	gcide	to breathe
bunting	n.	gcide	a thin woolen stuff , used chiefly for flags , colors , and ships ' signals
acquirer	n.	gcide	a person who acquires
irk	v. t.	gcide	to weary
irk	v. t.	gcide	to give pain
irk	v. t.	gcide	to annoy
cutaneous	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the skin
cutaneous	a.	gcide	existing on , or affecting , the skin
strangles	n.	gcide	a disease in horses and swine , in which the upper part of the throat , or groups of lymphatic glands elsewhere , <unk>
lumpish	a.	gcide	like a lump
lumpish	a.	gcide	inert
lumpish	a.	gcide	gross
lumpish	a.	gcide	heavy
lumpish	a.	gcide	dull
lumpish	a.	gcide	spiritless
whiplash	n.	gcide	the lash of a whip , -- usually made of thongs of leather , or of cords , braided or twisted
whiplash	n.	gcide	a sudden change of direction , resembling the motion of the tip of a whip when it is cracked
whiplash	n.	gcide	a stinging psychological effect reminiscent of being <unk> by a whip
challenge	n.	gcide	an invitation to engage in a contest or controversy of any kind
challenge	n.	gcide	a defiance
challenge	n.	gcide	specifically , a summons to fight a duel
challenge	n.	gcide	the letter or message conveying the summons
challenge	n.	gcide	the act of a sentry in halting any one who appears at his post , and demanding the countersign
challenge	n.	gcide	the opening and crying of hounds at first finding the scent of their game
challenge	v. t.	gcide	to call to a contest of any kind
challenge	v. t.	gcide	to call to answer
challenge	v. t.	gcide	to defy
challenge	v. t.	gcide	to call , invite , or summon to answer for an offense by personal combat
challenge	v. t.	gcide	to claim as due
challenge	v. t.	gcide	to demand as a right
challenge	v. i.	gcide	to assert a right
challenge	v. i.	gcide	to claim a place
eastward	adv.	gcide	toward the east
eastward	adv.	gcide	in the direction of east from some point or place
procurer	n.	gcide	one who procures , or obtains
procurer	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , brings on , or causes to be done , especially by corrupt means
procurer	n.	gcide	one who procures the gratification of lust for another
procurer	n.	gcide	a pimp
procurer	n.	gcide	a pander
tachometer	n.	gcide	an instrument for measuring the velocity , or indicating changes in the velocity , of a moving body or substance
tachometer	n.	gcide	an instrument for measuring the velocity of running water in a river or canal , consisting of a wheel with inclined vanes , which is turned by the current
tachometer	n.	gcide	an instrument for showing at any moment the speed of a revolving shaft , consisting of a delicate revolving conical pendulum which is driven by the shaft , and the action of which by change of speed moves a pointer which indicates the speed on a graduated dial
remedial	a.	gcide	affording a remedy
remedial	a.	gcide	intended for a remedy , or for the removal or abatement of an evil
minimize	v. t.	gcide	to reduce to the smallest part or proportion possible
minimize	v. t.	gcide	to reduce to a minimum
minimize	v. t.	gcide	to represent , to oneself or others , as of no importance or minimal importance or effect
reciprocally	adv.	gcide	in a reciprocal manner
reciprocally	adv.	gcide	so that each affects the other , and is equally affected by it
reciprocally	adv.	gcide	mutually
embezzlement	n.	gcide	the fraudulent appropriation of property by a person to whom it has been intrusted
unstrained	a.	gcide	not strained
unstrained	a.	gcide	not cleared or purified by straining
unstrained	a.	gcide	not forced
unstrained	a.	gcide	easy
unstrained	a.	gcide	natural
pliers	n. pl.	gcide	a kind of small pinchers with long jaws , -- used for bending or cutting metal rods or wire , for handling small objects such as the parts of a watch , etc
forwards	adv.	gcide	same as forward
abut	v. i.	gcide	to project
abut	v. i.	gcide	to terminate or border
abut	v. i.	gcide	to be contiguous
abut	v. i.	gcide	to meet
astrology	n.	gcide	in its <unk> signification , the science of the stars
astrology	n.	gcide	among the ancients , synonymous with astronomy
astrology	n.	gcide	subsequently , the art of judging of the influences of the stars upon human affairs , and of foretelling events by their position and aspects
ditch	n.	gcide	any long , narrow receptacle for water on the surface of the earth
palate	n.	gcide	the roof of the mouth
palate	n.	gcide	relish
palate	n.	gcide	taste
palate	n.	gcide	liking
palate	n.	gcide	mental relish
palate	n.	gcide	intellectual taste
dalmatian	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to dalmatia
yawn	v. i.	gcide	to open the mouth involuntarily through drowsiness , dullness , or fatigue
yawn	v. i.	gcide	to gape
yawn	v. i.	gcide	to open wide
yawn	v. i.	gcide	to gape , as if to allow the entrance or exit of anything
yawn	v. i.	gcide	to open the mouth , or to gape , through surprise or bewilderment
yawn	n.	gcide	an involuntary act , excited by drowsiness , etc
yawn	n.	gcide	the act of opening wide , or of gaping
gainful	a.	gcide	profitable
gainful	a.	gcide	advantageous
gainful	a.	gcide	lucrative
spin	v. t.	gcide	to draw out , and twist into threads , either by the hand or machinery
spin	v. t.	gcide	to produce by drawing out and twisting a fibrous material
spin	v. t.	gcide	to draw out tediously
spin	v. t.	gcide	to form by a slow process , or by degrees
spin	v. t.	gcide	to extend to a great length
spin	v. t.	gcide	to protract
spin	v. t.	gcide	to spend by delays
spin	v. i.	gcide	to practice spinning
spin	v. i.	gcide	to work at drawing and twisting threads
spin	v. i.	gcide	to make yarn or thread from fiber
spin	v. i.	gcide	to move round rapidly
spin	v. i.	gcide	to whirl
spin	v. i.	gcide	to revolve , as a top or a spindle , about its axis
spin	v. i.	gcide	to stream or issue in a thread or a small current or jet
spin	n.	gcide	the act of spinning
spin	n.	gcide	velocity of rotation about some specified axis
spin	n.	gcide	an interpretation of an event which is favorable to the interpreter or to the person s / he supports
nasturtium	n.	gcide	a genus of cruciferous plants , having white or yellowish flowers , including several species of cress
dovish	a.	gcide	like a dove
dovish	a.	gcide	harmless
dovish	a.	gcide	innocent
dovish	a.	gcide	advocating peace , compromise or conciliation rather than war or conflict
barbarism	n.	gcide	an uncivilized state or condition
barbarism	n.	gcide	rudeness of manners
barbarism	n.	gcide	ignorance of arts , learning , and literature
barbarism	n.	gcide	a barbarous , cruel , or brutal action
barbarism	n.	gcide	an outrage
barbarism	n.	gcide	an offense against purity of style or language
barbarism	n.	gcide	any form of speech contrary to the pure <unk> of a particular language
berry	n.	gcide	any small fleshy fruit , as the strawberry , mulberry , huckleberry , etc
berry	n.	gcide	a small fruit that is pulpy or succulent throughout , having seeds loosely <unk> in the pulp , as the currant , grape , blueberry
berry	n.	gcide	the coffee bean
berry	v. i.	gcide	to bear or produce berries
berry	n.	gcide	a mound
berry	n.	gcide	a hillock
beaker	n.	gcide	a large drinking cup , with a wide mouth , supported on a foot or standard
beaker	n.	gcide	an open - mouthed , thin glass vessel , having a projecting lip for pouring
spiritless	a.	gcide	destitute of spirit
spiritless	a.	gcide	wanting animation
spiritless	a.	gcide	wanting cheerfulness
spiritless	a.	gcide	dejected
spiritless	a.	gcide	depressed
spiritless	a.	gcide	destitute of vigor
spiritless	a.	gcide	wanting life , courage , or fire
spiritless	a.	gcide	having no breath
spiritless	a.	gcide	extinct
spiritless	a.	gcide	dead
inattention	n.	gcide	lack of attention , or failure to pay attention
inattention	n.	gcide	disregard
inattention	n.	gcide	heedlessness
inattention	n.	gcide	neglect
lobed	a.	gcide	having lobes
lobed	a.	gcide	lobate
hamper	n.	gcide	a large basket , usually with a cover , used for the packing and carrying of articles
hamper	v. t.	gcide	to shackle
hamper	v. t.	gcide	to insnare
hamper	v. t.	gcide	to inveigle
hamper	v. t.	gcide	to entangle
hamper	v. t.	gcide	to impede in motion or progress
hamper	v. t.	gcide	to embarrass
hamper	v. t.	gcide	to encumber
hamper	n.	gcide	a shackle
hamper	n.	gcide	a fetter
hamper	n.	gcide	anything which impedes
hamper	n.	gcide	articles ordinarily indispensable , but in the way at certain times
apocalyptic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a revelation , or , specifically , to the revelation of st
apocalyptic	a.	gcide	containing , or of the nature of , a prophetic revelation
apocalyptic	a.	gcide	pertaining to , characteristic of , or resembling an apocalypse , in senses 3 or 4
apocalyptic	n.	gcide	the writer of the apocalypse
structure	n.	gcide	manner of building
structure	n.	gcide	form
structure	n.	gcide	make
structure	n.	gcide	construction
structure	n.	gcide	arrangement of parts , of organs , or of constituent particles , in a substance or body
structure	n.	gcide	manner of organization
structure	n.	gcide	the arrangement of the different tissues or parts of animal and vegetable organisms
quote	v. t.	gcide	to cite , as a passage from some author
quote	v. t.	gcide	to name , repeat , or adduce , as a passage from an author or speaker , by way of authority or illustration
quote	v. t.	gcide	to cite a passage from
quote	v. t.	gcide	to name as the authority for a statement or an opinion
quote	v. t.	gcide	to name the current price of
teller	n.	gcide	one who tells , relates , or communicates
teller	n.	gcide	one of four officers of the english exchequer , formerly appointed to receive moneys due to the king and to pay moneys payable by the king
teller	n.	gcide	an employee of a bank who receives money paid in , and pays money out , and makes records of such transactions
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to form into a whole by uniting its parts
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to frame
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to construct
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to build
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to form by art and labor
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to manufacture
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to produce
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to invent and form
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to forge
fabricate	v. t.	gcide	to devise falsely
lame	a.	gcide	moving with pain or difficulty on account of injury , defect , or temporary obstruction of a function
lame	a.	gcide	to some degree disabled by reason of the imperfect action of a limb
lame	a.	gcide	crippled
lame	a.	gcide	hobbling
lame	a.	gcide	limping
lame	a.	gcide	inefficient
lame	a.	gcide	imperfect
moonshine	n.	gcide	the light of the moon
moonshine	n.	gcide	show without substance or reality
moonshine	a.	gcide	empty
moonshine	a.	gcide	trivial
moonshine	a.	gcide	idle
loose	a.	gcide	untied
loose	a.	gcide	not attached , fastened , fixed , or confined
loose	a.	gcide	free from constraint or obligation
loose	a.	gcide	not bound by duty , habit , etc
loose	a.	gcide	not tight or close
loose	n.	gcide	a letting go
loose	n.	gcide	discharge
loose	v. n.	gcide	to untie or unbind
loose	v. n.	gcide	to free from any fastening
loose	v. n.	gcide	to remove the <unk> or fastenings of
loose	v. n.	gcide	to set free
loose	v. n.	gcide	to relieve
loose	v. n.	gcide	to release from anything obligatory or burdensome
loose	v. n.	gcide	to disengage
loose	v. n.	gcide	to absolve
loose	v. n.	gcide	to remit
loose	v. n.	gcide	to relax
loose	v. n.	gcide	to loosen
loose	v. n.	gcide	to make less strict
plethora	n.	gcide	overfullness
plethora	n.	gcide	excessive fullness of the blood vessels
plethora	n.	gcide	repletion
plethora	n.	gcide	that state of the blood vessels or of the system when the blood exceeds a healthy standard in quantity
plethora	n.	gcide	state of being overfull
plethora	n.	gcide	excess
plethora	n.	gcide	superabundance
twiddle	v. t.	gcide	to touch lightly , or play with
twiddle	v. t.	gcide	to tweedle
twiddle	v. t.	gcide	to twirl
twiddle	v. i.	gcide	to play with anything
twiddle	v. i.	gcide	to be busy about trifles
twiddle	n.	gcide	a slight twist with the fingers
regale	v. t.	gcide	to gratify
regale	v. t.	gcide	to refresh
regale	v. i.	gcide	to feast
regale	n.	gcide	a sumptuous repast
regale	n.	gcide	a banquet
busybody	n.	gcide	one who officiously concerns himself with the affairs of others
busybody	n.	gcide	a meddling person
abominate	v. t.	gcide	to turn from as ill - <unk>
abominate	v. t.	gcide	to hate in the highest degree , as if with religious dread
abominate	v. t.	gcide	loathe
besiege	v. t.	gcide	to beset or surround with armed forces , for the purpose of compelling to surrender
besiege	v. t.	gcide	to lay siege to
besiege	v. t.	gcide	to beleaguer
besiege	v. t.	gcide	to beset
syrinx	n.	gcide	a wind instrument made of reeds tied together
syrinx	n.	gcide	the lower larynx in birds
nectar	n.	gcide	the drink of the gods ( as ambrosia was their food )
nectar	n.	gcide	any delicious or inspiring beverage
nectar	n.	gcide	a sweetish secretion of blossoms from which bees make honey
endanger	v. t.	gcide	to put to hazard
endanger	v. t.	gcide	to bring into danger or peril
endanger	v. t.	gcide	to expose to loss or injury
cabala	n.	gcide	a kind of occult theosophy or traditional interpretation of the scriptures among jewish rabbis and certain medi æ val christians , which treats of the nature of god and the mystery of human existence
cabala	n.	gcide	and it teaches the methods of interpretation for ascertaining these occult meanings
cabala	n.	gcide	secret science in general
cabala	n.	gcide	mystic art
cabala	n.	gcide	mystery
ability	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being able
ability	n.	gcide	power to perform , whether physical , moral , intellectual , conventional , or legal
ability	n.	gcide	capacity
ability	n.	gcide	skill or competence in doing
ability	n.	gcide	sufficiency of strength , skill , resources , etc
motility	n.	gcide	capability of motion
motility	n.	gcide	contractility
hipped	a.	gcide	somewhat hypochondriac
hipped	a.	gcide	melancholy
dear	a.	gcide	bearing a high price
dear	a.	gcide	costly
dear	a.	gcide	expensive
dear	a.	gcide	marked by scarcity or dearth , and exorbitance of price
dear	a.	gcide	highly valued
dear	a.	gcide	greatly beloved
dear	a.	gcide	cherished
dear	a.	gcide	precious
dear	n.	gcide	lover
dear	n.	gcide	sweetheart
dear	adv.	gcide	dearly
dear	adv.	gcide	at a high price
alertness	n.	gcide	the quality of being alert or on the alert
alertness	n.	gcide	briskness
alertness	n.	gcide	nimbleness
alertness	n.	gcide	activity
mournful	a.	gcide	full of sorrow
mournful	a.	gcide	expressing , or intended to express , sorrow
mournful	a.	gcide	mourning
mournful	a.	gcide	grieving
mournful	a.	gcide	sad
mournful	a.	gcide	causing sorrow
mournful	a.	gcide	grievous
fistula	n.	gcide	a reed
fistula	n.	gcide	a pipe
fistula	n.	gcide	a permanent abnormal opening into the soft parts with a constant discharge
fistula	n.	gcide	a deep , narrow , chronic abscess
fistula	n.	gcide	an abnormal opening between an internal cavity and another cavity or the surface
dissolvable	a.	gcide	capable of being dissolved , or separated into component parts
dissolvable	a.	gcide	capable of being liquefied
dissolvable	a.	gcide	soluble
tiptoe	n.	gcide	the end , or tip , of the toe
tiptoe	a.	gcide	raised as high as possible
tiptoe	a.	gcide	lifted up
tiptoe	a.	gcide	exalted
tiptoe	a.	gcide	alert
tiptoe	a.	gcide	noiseless
tiptoe	a.	gcide	stealthy
jocularity	n.	gcide	jesting
jocularity	n.	gcide	merriment
congeniality	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being congenial
congeniality	n.	gcide	natural affinity
congeniality	n.	gcide	adaptation
congeniality	n.	gcide	suitableness
congeniality	n.	gcide	compatibility between persons
congeniality	n.	gcide	the personality trait of being friendly to a conspicuous degree
crushing	a.	gcide	that crushes
crushing	a.	gcide	overwhelming
distressful	a.	gcide	full of distress
distressful	a.	gcide	causing , indicating , or attended with , distress
pain	n.	gcide	suffering or evil inflicted as a punishment for crime , or connected with the commission of a crime
pain	n.	gcide	penalty
pain	n.	gcide	any uneasy sensation in animal bodies , from slight uneasiness to extreme distress or torture , proceeding from a derangement of functions , disease , or injury by violence
pain	n.	gcide	bodily distress
pain	n.	gcide	bodily suffering
pain	n.	gcide	an ache
pain	n.	gcide	a smart
pain	v. t.	gcide	to put to bodily uneasiness or anguish
pain	v. t.	gcide	to afflict with uneasy sensations of any degree of intensity
pain	v. t.	gcide	to torment
pain	v. t.	gcide	to torture
pain	v. t.	gcide	to render uneasy in mind
pain	v. t.	gcide	to disquiet
pain	v. t.	gcide	to distress
pain	v. t.	gcide	to grieve
passionately	adv.	gcide	in a passionate manner
passionately	adv.	gcide	with strong feeling
passionately	adv.	gcide	ardently
passionately	adv.	gcide	angrily
river	n.	gcide	a large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean , a sea , a lake , or another stream
river	n.	gcide	a stream larger than a rivulet or brook
river	n.	gcide	a large stream
river	n.	gcide	copious flow
river	n.	gcide	abundance
airing	n.	gcide	a walk or a ride in the open air
airing	n.	gcide	a short excursion for health ' s sake
airing	n.	gcide	an exposure to air , or to a fire , for warming , drying , etc
solecism	n.	gcide	an impropriety or incongruity of language in the combination of words or parts of a sentence
solecism	n.	gcide	deviation from the idiom of a language or from the rules of syntax
solecism	n.	gcide	any inconsistency , unfitness , absurdity , or impropriety , as in deeds or manners
trough	n.	gcide	a long , hollow vessel , generally for holding water or other liquid , especially one formed by excavating a log longitudinally on one side
trough	n.	gcide	a long tray
trough	n.	gcide	a wooden channel for conveying water as to a mill wheel
trough	n.	gcide	any channel , receptacle , or depression , of a long and narrow shape
trough	n.	gcide	the transverse section of a cyclonic area where the barometric pressure , neither rising nor falling , has reached its lowest point
pugilism	n.	gcide	the practice of boxing , or fighting with the fist
pulsate	v. i.	gcide	to throb , as a pulse
pulsate	v. i.	gcide	to beat , as the heart
thinly	a.	gcide	in a thin manner
thinly	a.	gcide	in a loose , scattered manner
thinly	a.	gcide	scantily
thinly	a.	gcide	not thickly
transcript	n.	gcide	that which has been transcribed
transcript	n.	gcide	a writing or composition consisting of the same words as the original
transcript	n.	gcide	a written copy
transcript	n.	gcide	a copy of any kind
transcript	n.	gcide	an imitation
tournament	n.	gcide	a mock fight , or warlike game , formerly in great favor , in which a number of combatants were engaged , as an exhibition of their address and bravery
tournament	n.	gcide	figuratively a real battle
getting	n.	gcide	the act of obtaining or acquiring
getting	n.	gcide	acquisition
getting	n.	gcide	that which is got or obtained
getting	n.	gcide	gain
getting	n.	gcide	profit
glide	v. i.	gcide	to move gently and smoothly
glide	v. i.	gcide	to pass along without noise , violence , or apparent effort
glide	v. i.	gcide	to pass rapidly and easily , or with a smooth , silent motion , as a river in its channel , a bird in the air , a skater over ice
glide	v. i.	gcide	to move through the air by virtue of gravity or momentum
glide	n.	gcide	the act or manner of moving smoothly , swiftly , and without labor or obstruction
glide	n.	gcide	a transitional sound in speech which is produced by the changing of the mouth organs from one definite position to another , and with gradual change in the most frequent cases
glide	n.	gcide	movement of a glider , a ë <unk> , etc
clement	a.	gcide	mild in temper and disposition
clement	a.	gcide	merciful
clement	a.	gcide	compassionate
restore	v. t.	gcide	to bring back to its former state
restore	v. t.	gcide	to bring back from a state of ruin , decay , disease , or the like
restore	v. t.	gcide	to repair
restore	v. t.	gcide	to renew
restore	v. t.	gcide	to recover
restore	v. t.	gcide	to give or bring back , as that which has been lost
restore	v. t.	gcide	to bring back to the owner
restore	v. t.	gcide	to replace
restore	v. t.	gcide	to renew
complicate	a.	gcide	composed of two or more parts united
complicate	a.	gcide	complex
complicate	a.	gcide	complicated
complicate	a.	gcide	involved
complicate	a.	gcide	folded together , or upon itself , with the fold running lengthwise
complicate	v. t.	gcide	to fold or twist together
complicate	v. t.	gcide	to combine intricately
complicate	v. t.	gcide	to make complex
complicate	v. t.	gcide	to combine or associate so as to make intricate or difficult
detraction	n.	gcide	the act of taking away from the reputation or good name of another
detraction	n.	gcide	calumny
decadence	n.	gcide	a falling away
decadence	n.	gcide	decay
decadence	n.	gcide	deterioration
decadence	n.	gcide	declension
correspondence	n.	gcide	friendly intercourse
correspondence	n.	gcide	intercourse between persons by means of letters
correspondence	n.	gcide	mutual adaptation , relation , or agreement , of one thing to another
correspondence	n.	gcide	agreement
correspondence	n.	gcide	congruity
correspondence	n.	gcide	fitness
correspondence	n.	gcide	relation
amorousness	n.	gcide	the quality of being amorous , or inclined to sexual love
bitterness	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being bitter , sharp , or acrid , in either a literal or figurative sense
bitterness	n.	gcide	severity
bitterness	n.	gcide	keenness of reproach or sarcasm
bitterness	n.	gcide	deep distress , grief , or vexation of mind
bitterness	n.	gcide	a state of extreme impiety or enmity to god
bitterness	n.	gcide	dangerous error , or schism , tending to draw persons to apostasy
cribbage	n.	gcide	a game of cards , played by two or four persons , in which there is a crib
beginning	n.	gcide	the act of doing that which begins anything
beginning	n.	gcide	commencement of an action , state , or space of time
beginning	n.	gcide	entrance into being or upon a course
beginning	n.	gcide	the first act , effort , or state of a succession of acts or states
beginning	n.	gcide	that which begins or originates something
beginning	n.	gcide	the first cause
beginning	n.	gcide	igin
beginning	n.	gcide	source
beginning	n.	gcide	that which is begun
beginning	n.	gcide	a rudiment or element
pintle	n.	gcide	a little pin
pintle	n.	gcide	the pivot pin of a hinge
pintle	n.	gcide	a hook or pin on which a rudder hangs and turns
spoiler	n.	gcide	one who spoils
spoiler	n.	gcide	a plunderer
spoiler	n.	gcide	a pillager
spoiler	n.	gcide	a robber
spoiler	n.	gcide	one who corrupts , mars , or renders useless
spoiler	n.	gcide	a device attached to the wing of an airplane or other airfoil , which breaks the smooth flow of air during flight and decreases the lift of the airfoil
dweller	n.	gcide	an inhabitant
dweller	n.	gcide	a resident
grubby	a.	gcide	dirty
grubby	a.	gcide	unclean
grubby	n.	gcide	a sculpin
demonic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a demon or to demons
demonic	a.	gcide	demoniac
captain	n.	gcide	the military officer who commands a company , troop , or battery , or who has the rank entitling him to do so though he may be employed on other service
captain	n.	gcide	an officer in the united states navy , next above a commander and below a commodore , and ranking with a colonel in the army
foremost	a.	gcide	first in time or place
foremost	a.	gcide	most advanced
foremost	a.	gcide	chief in rank or dignity
concatenate	v. t.	gcide	to link together
concatenate	v. t.	gcide	to unite in a series or chain , as things depending on one another
glow	v. i.	gcide	to shine with an intense or white heat
glow	v. i.	gcide	to give forth vivid light and heat
glow	v. i.	gcide	to be incandescent
glow	v. i.	gcide	to exhibit a strong , bright color
glow	v. i.	gcide	to be brilliant , as if with heat
glow	v. i.	gcide	to be bright or red with heat or animation , with <unk> , etc
glow	v. i.	gcide	to feel hot
glow	v. i.	gcide	to have a burning sensation , as of the skin , from friction , exercise , etc
glow	v. i.	gcide	to burn
glow	v. t.	gcide	to make hot
glow	v. t.	gcide	to flush
glow	n.	gcide	white or red heat
glow	n.	gcide	brightness or warmth of color
glow	n.	gcide	redness
glow	n.	gcide	a rosy flush
glow	n.	gcide	intense excitement or earnestness
glow	n.	gcide	vehemence or heat of passion
glow	n.	gcide	ardor
eyed	a.	gcide	heaving ( such or so many ) eyes
lineage	n.	gcide	descent in a line from a common progenitor
lineage	n.	gcide	progeny
lineage	n.	gcide	race
lineage	n.	gcide	descending line of offspring or ascending line of parentage
coquetry	n.	gcide	attempts to attract admiration , notice , or love , for the mere gratification of vanity
coquetry	n.	gcide	trifling in love
bigness	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being big
bigness	n.	gcide	largeness
bigness	n.	gcide	size
bigness	n.	gcide	bulk
windjammer	n.	gcide	a sailing vessel or one of its crew
windjammer	n.	gcide	an army <unk> or trumpeter
windjammer	n.	gcide	any performer on a wind instrument
destructively	adv.	gcide	in a destructive manner
tryout	n.	gcide	a test of the performance capability of a person , to ascertain fitness for a particular task
tryout	n.	gcide	in sports , a test by which the fitness of a player or contestant to remain in a certain class is determined
spasm	n.	gcide	an involuntary and unnatural contraction of one or more muscles or muscular fibers
spasm	n.	gcide	a sudden , violent , and temporary effort or emotion
coiner	n.	gcide	one who makes or stamps coin
coiner	n.	gcide	a maker of money
coiner	n.	gcide	an inventor or maker , as of words
massacre	n.	gcide	the killing of a considerable number of human beings under circumstances of atrocity or cruelty , or contrary to the usages of civilized people
massacre	v. t.	gcide	to kill in considerable numbers where much resistance can not be made
massacre	v. t.	gcide	to kill with indiscriminate violence , without necessity , and contrary to the usages of nations
massacre	v. t.	gcide	to butcher
massacre	v. t.	gcide	to slaughter
feint	n.	gcide	that which is feigned
feint	n.	gcide	an assumed or false appearance
feint	n.	gcide	a pretense
feint	n.	gcide	a stratagem
feint	n.	gcide	a fetch
feint	n.	gcide	a mock blow or attack on one part when another part is intended to be struck
flyblown	a.	gcide	damaged
flyblown	a.	gcide	foul
advertise	v. t.	gcide	to give public notice of
advertise	v. t.	gcide	to announce publicly , especially by a printed notice
distal	a.	gcide	remote from the point of attachment or origin
phlegm	n.	gcide	one of the four humors of which the ancients supposed the blood to be composed
phlegm	n.	gcide	viscid mucus secreted in abnormal quantity in the respiratory and digestive passages
phlegm	n.	gcide	a watery distilled liquor , in distinction from a spirituous liquor
entertaining	a.	gcide	affording entertainment
entertaining	a.	gcide	pleasing
entertaining	a.	gcide	amusing
entertaining	a.	gcide	diverting
credible	a.	gcide	capable of being credited or believed
credible	a.	gcide	worthy of belief
credible	a.	gcide	entitled to confidence
credible	a.	gcide	trustworthy
egoism	n.	gcide	excessive love and thought of self
egoism	n.	gcide	the habit of regarding one ' s self as the center of every interest
egoism	n.	gcide	selfishness
ossify	v. t.	gcide	to form into bone
ossify	v. t.	gcide	to change from a soft animal substance into bone , as by the deposition of lime salts
ossify	v. t.	gcide	to harden
ossify	v. i.	gcide	to become bone
ossify	v. i.	gcide	to change from a soft tissue to a hard bony tissue
varnish	n.	gcide	a viscid liquid , consisting of a solution of resinous matter in an oil or a volatile liquid , laid on work with a brush , or otherwise
varnish	n.	gcide	a glossy appearance
varnish	n.	gcide	an artificial covering to give a fair appearance to any act or conduct
varnish	n.	gcide	outside show
varnish	n.	gcide	gloss
varnish	v. t.	gcide	to cover with a liquid which produces , when dry , a hard , glossy surface
varnish	v. t.	gcide	to cover or conceal with something that gives a fair appearance
varnish	v. t.	gcide	to give a fair coloring to by words
varnish	v. t.	gcide	to gloss over
varnish	v. t.	gcide	to palliate
bugaboo	n.	gcide	something frightful , as a specter
bugaboo	n.	gcide	anything imaginary that causes needless fright
bugaboo	n.	gcide	something used to excite needless fear
bugaboo	n.	gcide	something really dangerous or an imaginary monster used to frighten children etc
bugaboo	n.	gcide	a source of concern
veranda	n.	gcide	an open , roofed gallery or portico , adjoining a dwelling house , forming an out - of - door sitting room
preferment	n.	gcide	the act of preferring , or advancing in dignity or office
preferment	n.	gcide	the state of being advanced
preferment	n.	gcide	promotion
preferment	n.	gcide	a position or office of honor or profit
inconsiderable	a.	gcide	not considerable
inconsiderable	a.	gcide	unworthy of consideration or notice
inconsiderable	a.	gcide	unimportant
inconsiderable	a.	gcide	small
inconsiderable	a.	gcide	trivial
tee	n.	gcide	the nodule of earth , or a short peg stuck into the ground , from which the ball is struck at the beginning of play for each hole in golf
tee	n.	gcide	a short piece of pipe having a lateral outlet , used to connect a line of pipe with a pipe at a right angle with the line
tee	n.	gcide	the letter t , t
tee	n.	gcide	something shaped like or resembling in form the letter t
dark	a.	gcide	destitute , or partially destitute , of light
dark	a.	gcide	not receiving , reflecting , or radiating light
dark	a.	gcide	wholly or partially black , or of some deep shade of color
dark	a.	gcide	not light - colored
dark	a.	gcide	not clear to the understanding
dark	a.	gcide	not easily seen through
dark	a.	gcide	obscure
dark	a.	gcide	mysterious
dark	a.	gcide	hidden
dark	a.	gcide	destitute of knowledge and culture
dark	a.	gcide	in moral or intellectual darkness
dark	a.	gcide	unrefined
dark	a.	gcide	ignorant
dark	n.	gcide	absence of light
dark	n.	gcide	darkness
dark	n.	gcide	obscurity
dark	n.	gcide	a place where there is little or no light
dark	n.	gcide	the condition of ignorance
dark	n.	gcide	gloom
dark	n.	gcide	secrecy
engineer	n.	gcide	a person skilled in the principles and practice of any branch of engineering
engineer	n.	gcide	one who manages as engine , particularly a steam engine
engineer	n.	gcide	an engine driver
engineer	n.	gcide	one who carries through an enterprise by skillful or artful contrivance
engineer	n.	gcide	an efficient manager
engineer	v. t.	gcide	to use contrivance and effort for
engineer	v. t.	gcide	to guide the course of
engineer	v. t.	gcide	to manage
balsam	n.	gcide	a resin containing more or less of an essential or volatile oil
balsam	n.	gcide	a species of tree
balsam	n.	gcide	an annual garden plant with beautiful flowers
balsam	v. t.	gcide	to render balsamic
blockish	a.	gcide	like a block
blockish	a.	gcide	deficient in understanding
blockish	a.	gcide	stupid
blockish	a.	gcide	dull
bleed	v. i.	gcide	to emit blood
bleed	v. i.	gcide	to lose blood
bleed	v. i.	gcide	to run with blood , by whatever means
bleed	v. i.	gcide	to withdraw blood from the body
bleed	v. i.	gcide	to let blood
bleed	v. i.	gcide	to lose or shed one ' s blood , as in case of a violent death or severe wounds
bleed	v. i.	gcide	to die by violence
bleed	v. t.	gcide	to let blood from
bleed	v. t.	gcide	to take or draw blood from , as by opening a vein
bleed	v. t.	gcide	to lose , as blood
bleed	v. t.	gcide	to emit or let drop , as sap
bleed	v. t.	gcide	to draw money from ( one )
bleed	v. t.	gcide	to induce to pay
smolder	v. i.	gcide	to burn and smoke without flame
smolder	v. i.	gcide	to burn inwardly
angled	a.	gcide	having an angle or angles
ornithologist	n.	gcide	one skilled in ornithology
ornithologist	n.	gcide	a student of ornithology
ornithologist	n.	gcide	one who describes birds
moody	a.	gcide	out of humor
moody	a.	gcide	peevish
moody	a.	gcide	angry
moody	a.	gcide	fretful
moody	a.	gcide	abstracted and pensive
moody	a.	gcide	sad
moody	a.	gcide	gloomy
moody	a.	gcide	melancholy
striking	a.	gcide	affecting with strong emotions
striking	a.	gcide	surprising
striking	a.	gcide	forcible
striking	a.	gcide	impressive
striking	a.	gcide	very noticeable
invigorate	v. t.	gcide	to give vigor to
invigorate	v. t.	gcide	to strengthen
invigorate	v. t.	gcide	to animate
invigorate	v. t.	gcide	to give life and energy to
apparent	a.	gcide	capable of being seen , or easily seen
apparent	a.	gcide	open to view
apparent	a.	gcide	visible to the eye
apparent	a.	gcide	within sight or view
apparent	a.	gcide	clear or manifest to the understanding
apparent	a.	gcide	plain
apparent	a.	gcide	evident
apparent	a.	gcide	obvious
apparent	a.	gcide	known
apparent	a.	gcide	palpable
apparent	a.	gcide	indubitable
apparent	a.	gcide	appearing to the eye or mind ( distinguished from , but not necessarily opposed to , true or real )
scant	a.	gcide	not full , large , or plentiful
scant	a.	gcide	scarcely sufficient
scant	a.	gcide	less than is wanted for the purpose
scant	a.	gcide	scanty
scant	a.	gcide	meager
scant	a.	gcide	not enough
scant	a.	gcide	sparing
scant	a.	gcide	parsimonious
scant	a.	gcide	chary
scant	v. t.	gcide	to limit
scant	v. t.	gcide	to straiten
scant	v. t.	gcide	to stint
scant	v. t.	gcide	to cut short
scant	v. t.	gcide	to make small , narrow , or scanty
scant	v. t.	gcide	to curtail
scant	v. i.	gcide	to fail , or become less
gauss	n.	gcide	the c
gauss	n.	gcide	sometimes used as a unit of intensity of magnetic field
princess	n.	gcide	a female prince
princess	n.	gcide	a woman having sovereign power , or the rank of a prince
princess	n.	gcide	the daughter of a sovereign
princess	n.	gcide	a female member of a royal family
princess	n.	gcide	the consort of a prince
dad	n.	gcide	father
pistil	n.	gcide	the seed - bearing organ of a flower
pistil	n.	gcide	when composed of several , it is compound
interdiction	n.	gcide	prohibition
interdiction	n.	gcide	prohibiting decree
interdiction	n.	gcide	curse
interdiction	n.	gcide	interdict
communism	n.	gcide	a scheme of equalizing the social conditions of life
bole	n.	gcide	the trunk or stem of a tree , or that which is like it
bole	n.	gcide	a measure
bole	n.	gcide	any one of several varieties of friable earthy clay , usually colored more or less strongly red by oxide of iron , and used to color and adulterate various substances
bole	n.	gcide	a bolus
bole	n.	gcide	a dose
loudly	adv.	gcide	in a loud manner
whimsical	a.	gcide	full of , or characterized by , whims
whimsical	a.	gcide	actuated by a whim
whimsical	a.	gcide	having peculiar notions
whimsical	a.	gcide	queer
whimsical	a.	gcide	strange
whimsical	a.	gcide	freakish
whimsical	a.	gcide	odd or fantastic in appearance
whimsical	a.	gcide	quaintly devised
whimsical	a.	gcide	fantastic
ingenious	a.	gcide	possessed of genius , or the faculty of invention
ingenious	a.	gcide	having an aptitude to contrive , or to form new combinations
ingenious	a.	gcide	proceeding from , pertaining to , or characterized by , genius or ingenuity
ingenious	a.	gcide	of curious design , structure , or mechanism
ingenious	a.	gcide	witty
ingenious	a.	gcide	shrewd
ingenious	a.	gcide	adroit
ingenious	a.	gcide	keen
ingenious	a.	gcide	sagacious
peek	v. i.	gcide	to look surreptitiously , or with the eyes half closed , or through a crevice
peek	v. i.	gcide	to peep
peevishness	n.	gcide	the quality of being peevish
peevishness	n.	gcide	disposition to murmur
peevishness	n.	gcide	sourness of temper
negro	n.	gcide	a black man
negro	a.	gcide	black
dirty	a.	gcide	defiled with dirt
dirty	a.	gcide	foul
dirty	a.	gcide	nasty
dirty	a.	gcide	filthy
dirty	a.	gcide	not clean or pure
dirty	a.	gcide	serving to defile
dirty	a.	gcide	clouded
dirty	a.	gcide	sordid
dirty	a.	gcide	base
dirty	a.	gcide	groveling
dirty	v. t.	gcide	to foul
dirty	v. t.	gcide	to make filthy
dirty	v. t.	gcide	to soil
dirty	v. t.	gcide	to tarnish
dirty	v. t.	gcide	to sully
dirty	v. t.	gcide	to scandalize
suffrage	n.	gcide	a vote given in deciding a controverted question , or in the choice of a man for an office or trust
suffrage	n.	gcide	the formal expression of an opinion
suffrage	n.	gcide	assent
suffrage	n.	gcide	vote
suffrage	n.	gcide	testimony
suffrage	n.	gcide	attestation
suffrage	n.	gcide	witness
suffrage	n.	gcide	approval
suffrage	n.	gcide	a short petition , as those after the creed in <unk> and evensong
ductile	a.	gcide	easily led
ductile	a.	gcide	tractable
ductile	a.	gcide	complying
ductile	a.	gcide	yielding to motives , persuasion , or instruction
ductile	a.	gcide	capable of being elongated or drawn out , as into wire or threads
floral	a.	gcide	pertaining to flora , or to flowers
floral	a.	gcide	made of flowers
floral	a.	gcide	containing , or belonging to , a flower
accused	a.	gcide	charged with offense
reliability	n.	gcide	the state or quality of being reliable
beneficence	n.	gcide	the practice of doing good
beneficence	n.	gcide	active goodness , kindness , or charity
beneficence	n.	gcide	bounty springing from purity and goodness
botany	n.	gcide	the science which treats of the structure of plants , the functions of their parts , their places of growth , their classification , and the terms which are employed in their description and denomination
scarceness	n.	gcide	the quality or condition of being scarce
scarceness	n.	gcide	smallness of quantity in proportion to the wants or demands
scarceness	n.	gcide	deficiency
scarceness	n.	gcide	lack of plenty
scarceness	n.	gcide	short supply
scarceness	n.	gcide	penury
paranoiac	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to paranoia
paranoiac	a.	gcide	affected with , or characteristic of , paranoia
paranoiac	n.	gcide	a person affected with paranoia
sounding	a.	gcide	making or emitting sound
sounding	a.	gcide	sonorous
sounding	n.	gcide	the act of one who , or that which , sounds ( in any of the senses of the several verbs )
sounding	n.	gcide	the depth so ascertained
orchestra	n.	gcide	the space in a theater between the stage and the audience
orchestra	n.	gcide	the space in the main floor of a theater in which the audience sits
orchestra	n.	gcide	the forward spectator section of the main floor in distinction from the parterre which is the rear section of the main floor
orchestra	n.	gcide	the place in any public hall appropriated to a band of instrumental musicians
humanize	v. t.	gcide	to render human or humane
humanize	v. t.	gcide	to soften
humanize	v. t.	gcide	to make gentle by overcoming cruel dispositions and rude habits
humanize	v. t.	gcide	to refine or civilize
humanize	v. t.	gcide	to give a human character or expression to
humanize	v. t.	gcide	to convert into something human or belonging to man
humanize	v. i.	gcide	to become or be made more humane
humanize	v. i.	gcide	to become civilized
shot	a.	gcide	woven in such a way as to produce an effect of variegation , of changeable tints , or of being figured
shot	n.	gcide	a share or proportion
shot	n.	gcide	a reckoning
shot	n.	gcide	the act of shooting
shot	n.	gcide	discharge of a firearm or other weapon which throws a missile
shot	n.	gcide	a missile weapon , particularly a ball or bullet
shot	n.	gcide	specifically , whatever is discharged as a projectile from firearms or cannon by the force of an explosive
distinct	a.	gcide	separate in place
distinct	a.	gcide	not conjunct
distinct	a.	gcide	not united by growth or otherwise
distinct	a.	gcide	not identical
distinct	a.	gcide	different
distinct	a.	gcide	individual
distinct	a.	gcide	so separated as not to be confounded with any other thing
distinct	a.	gcide	not confused
distinct	a.	gcide	well - defined
distinct	a.	gcide	clear
detector	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , detects
detector	n.	gcide	an indicator showing the depth of the water in a boiler
detector	n.	gcide	a galvanometer , usually portable , for indicating the direction of a current
dishonorable	a.	gcide	wanting in honor
dishonorable	a.	gcide	not honorable
dishonorable	a.	gcide	bringing or deserving dishonor
dishonorable	a.	gcide	staining the character , and lessening the reputation
dishonorable	a.	gcide	shameful
dishonorable	a.	gcide	disgraceful
dishonorable	a.	gcide	base
dishonorable	a.	gcide	wanting in honor or esteem
geology	n.	gcide	the science which treats : of the structure and mineral constitution of the globe
geology	n.	gcide	a treatise on the science
mescal	n.	gcide	a distilled liquor prepared in mexico from a species of agave
statics	n.	gcide	that branch of mechanics which treats of the equilibrium of forces , or relates to bodies as held at rest by the forces acting on them
outspread	v. t.	gcide	to spread out
outspread	v. t.	gcide	to expand
pas	n.	gcide	a pace
pas	n.	gcide	a step , as in a dance
pas	n.	gcide	right of going foremost
pas	n.	gcide	precedence
exempt	a.	gcide	free , or released , from some liability to which others are subject
exempt	a.	gcide	excepted from the operation or burden of some law
exempt	a.	gcide	released
exempt	a.	gcide	free
exempt	a.	gcide	clear
exempt	a.	gcide	privileged
exempt	a.	gcide	not liable to
exempt	n.	gcide	one not subject
exempt	n.	gcide	one of four officers of the yeomen of the royal guard , having the rank of corporal
exempt	n.	gcide	an exon
exempt	v. t.	gcide	to release or deliver from some liability which others are subject to
exempt	v. t.	gcide	to except or excuse from he operation of a law
exempt	v. t.	gcide	to grant immunity to
exempt	v. t.	gcide	to free from obligation
exempt	v. t.	gcide	to release
deathbed	n.	gcide	the bed in which a person dies
deathbed	n.	gcide	the closing hours of life of one who dies by sickness or the like
deathbed	n.	gcide	the last sickness
casing	n.	gcide	the act or process of inclosing in , or covering with , a case or thin substance , as plaster , boards , etc
casing	n.	gcide	an inclosing frame
casing	n.	gcide	the framework around a door or a window
wrongly	adv.	gcide	in a wrong manner
wrongly	adv.	gcide	unjustly
wrongly	adv.	gcide	erroneously
wrongly	adv.	gcide	wrong
wrongly	adv.	gcide	amiss
dower	n.	gcide	that with which one is <unk> or endowed
dower	n.	gcide	endowment
dower	n.	gcide	gift
dower	n.	gcide	that which a woman brings to a husband in marriage
dower	n.	gcide	dowry
dower	n.	gcide	that portion of the real estate of a man which his widow enjoys during her life , or to which a woman is entitled after the death of her husband
impair	v. t.	gcide	to make worse
impair	v. t.	gcide	to diminish in quantity , value , excellence , or strength
impair	v. t.	gcide	to deteriorate
impair	v. t.	gcide	to grow worse
impair	v. t.	gcide	to deteriorate
chisel	n.	gcide	a tool with a cutting edge on one end of a metal blade , used in dressing , shaping , or working in timber , stone , metal , etc
chisel	v. t.	gcide	to cut close , as in a bargain
chisel	v. t.	gcide	to cheat
install	v. t.	gcide	to set in a seat
install	v. t.	gcide	to give a place to
install	v. t.	gcide	establish ( one ) in a place
install	v. t.	gcide	to place in an office , rank , or order
install	v. t.	gcide	to invest with any charge by the usual ceremonies
install	v. t.	gcide	to induct
diocese	n.	gcide	the circuit or extent of a bishop ' s jurisdiction
diocese	n.	gcide	the district in which a bishop exercises his ecclesiastical authority
ornament	n.	gcide	that which adds grace or beauty
ornament	n.	gcide	embellishment
ornament	n.	gcide	decoration
ornament	n.	gcide	adornment
ornament	v. t.	gcide	to adorn
ornament	v. t.	gcide	to deck
ornament	v. t.	gcide	to embellish
ornament	v. t.	gcide	to beautify
auditor	n.	gcide	a hearer or listener
auditor	n.	gcide	one who hears judicially , as in an audience court
starless	a.	gcide	being without stars
starless	a.	gcide	having no stars visible
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to charge or load too heavily
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to burden
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to oppress
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to cloy
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to fill too full
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to crowd
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to charge ( a buyer ) an excessive price
overcharge	v. t.	gcide	to charge beyond a fair rate or price
overcharge	v. i.	gcide	to make excessive charges
overcharge	n.	gcide	an excessive load or burden
overcharge	n.	gcide	an excessive charge in an account
sliding	a.	gcide	that slides or slips
sliding	a.	gcide	gliding
sliding	a.	gcide	moving smoothly
amplify	v. t.	gcide	to render larger , more extended , or more intense , and the like
amplify	v. t.	gcide	to enlarge by addition or discussion
amplify	v. t.	gcide	to treat copiously by adding particulars , illustrations , etc
amplify	v. t.	gcide	to expand
amplify	v. t.	gcide	to make much of
amplify	v. i.	gcide	to speak largely or copiously
amplify	v. i.	gcide	to be diffuse in argument or description
amplify	v. i.	gcide	to dilate
amplify	v. i.	gcide	to expatiate
banging	a.	gcide	huge
banging	a.	gcide	great in size
obstacle	n.	gcide	that which stands in the way , or opposes
obstacle	n.	gcide	anything that hinders progress
obstacle	n.	gcide	a hindrance
obstacle	n.	gcide	an obstruction , physical or moral
enlargement	n.	gcide	the act of increasing in size or bulk , real or apparent
enlargement	n.	gcide	the state of being increased
enlargement	n.	gcide	augmentation
enlargement	n.	gcide	further extension
enlargement	n.	gcide	expansion
enlargement	n.	gcide	expansion or extension , as of the powers of the mind
enlargement	n.	gcide	a setting at large , or being set at large
enlargement	n.	gcide	release from confinement , servitude , or distress
enlargement	n.	gcide	liberty
jig	n.	gcide	a light , brisk musical movement
jig	n.	gcide	a <unk> bait , consisting of a bright spoon and a hook attached
jig	n.	gcide	a small machine or handy tool
jig	v. t.	gcide	to trick or cheat
jig	v. t.	gcide	to cajole
jig	v. t.	gcide	to delude
jig	v. t.	gcide	to sort or separate , as ore in a jigger or sieve
jig	v. i.	gcide	to skip about
jig	v. i.	gcide	to move with a skip or rhythm
jig	v. i.	gcide	to move with vibrations or jerks
hostile	n.	gcide	an enemy
hostile	n.	gcide	an american indian in arms against the whites
rancidity	n.	gcide	the quality or state of being rancid
rancidity	n.	gcide	a rancid scent or flavor , as of old oil
reliant	a.	gcide	having , or characterized by , reliance
reliant	a.	gcide	confident
reliant	a.	gcide	trusting
probably	adv.	gcide	in a probable manner
probably	adv.	gcide	in likelihood
cut	v. t.	gcide	to separate the parts of with , or as with , a sharp instrument
cut	v. t.	gcide	to make an incision in
cut	v. t.	gcide	to gash
cut	v. t.	gcide	to sever
cut	v. t.	gcide	to divide
cut	v. t.	gcide	to sever and cause to fall for the purpose of gathering
cut	v. t.	gcide	to hew
cut	v. t.	gcide	to mow or reap
cut	v. t.	gcide	to sever and remove by cutting
cut	v. t.	gcide	to dock
cut	v. i.	gcide	to do the work of an edged tool
cut	v. i.	gcide	to admit of incision or severance
cut	v. i.	gcide	to yield to a cutting instrument
cut	v. i.	gcide	to perform the operation of dividing , severing , incising , intersecting , etc
cut	v. i.	gcide	to use a cutting instrument
cut	n.	gcide	an opening made with an edged instrument
cut	n.	gcide	a cleft
cut	n.	gcide	a gash
cut	n.	gcide	a slash
cut	n.	gcide	a wound made by cutting
cut	n.	gcide	a stroke or blow or cutting motion with an edged instrument
cut	n.	gcide	a stroke or blow with a whip
cut	n.	gcide	that which wounds the feelings , as a harsh remark or criticism , or a sarcasm
cut	n.	gcide	personal discourtesy , as neglecting to recognize an acquaintance when meeting him
cut	n.	gcide	a slight
cut	a.	gcide	formed or shaped as by cutting
cut	a.	gcide	carved
cut	a.	gcide	overcome by liquor
cut	a.	gcide	tipsy
displace	v. t.	gcide	to change the place of
displace	v. t.	gcide	to remove from the usual or proper place
displace	v. t.	gcide	to put out of place
displace	v. t.	gcide	to place in another situation
displace	v. t.	gcide	to crowd out
displace	v. t.	gcide	to take the place of
displace	v. t.	gcide	to remove from a state , office , dignity , or employment
displace	v. t.	gcide	to discharge
displace	v. t.	gcide	to depose
bivalent	a.	gcide	equivalent in combining or displacing power to two atoms of hydrogen
bivalent	a.	gcide	dyad
indemnity	n.	gcide	security
indemnity	n.	gcide	insurance
indemnity	n.	gcide	exemption from loss or damage , past or to come
indemnity	n.	gcide	immunity from penalty , or the punishment of past offenses
indemnity	n.	gcide	amnesty
indemnity	n.	gcide	indemnification , compensation , or remuneration for loss , damage , or injury sustained
limelight	n.	gcide	a conspicuous position before the public
limelight	n.	gcide	the center of public attention
pleura	n.	gcide	the smooth serous membrane which closely covers the lungs and the adjacent surfaces of the thorax
pleura	n.	gcide	the pleural membrane
pleura	n.	gcide	the closed sac formed by the pleural membrane about each lung , or the fold of membrane connecting each lung with the body wall
cathode	n.	gcide	the part of a voltaic battery by which the electric current leaves substances through which it passes , or the surface at which the electric current passes out of the electrolyte
cathode	n.	gcide	the negative pole
tide	n.	gcide	the alternate rising and falling of the waters of the ocean , and of <unk> , rivers , etc
tide	n.	gcide	a stream
tide	n.	gcide	current
tide	n.	gcide	flood
tide	n.	gcide	tendency or direction of causes , influences , or events
tide	n.	gcide	course
tide	n.	gcide	current
charitable	a.	gcide	full of love and good will
charitable	a.	gcide	benevolent
charitable	a.	gcide	kind
charitable	a.	gcide	liberal in judging of others
charitable	a.	gcide	disposed to look on the best side , and to avoid harsh judgment
charitable	a.	gcide	giving freely
charitable	a.	gcide	generous
charitable	a.	gcide	beneficent
authentic	a.	gcide	having a genuine original or authority , in opposition to that which is false , fictitious , counterfeit , or apocryphal
authentic	a.	gcide	genuine
authentic	a.	gcide	not of doubtful origin
authentic	a.	gcide	real
authentic	a.	gcide	of approved authority
authentic	a.	gcide	true
authentic	a.	gcide	trustworthy
authentic	a.	gcide	credible
authentic	a.	gcide	vested with all due formalities , and legally attested
imminence	n.	gcide	the condition or quality of being imminent
imminence	n.	gcide	a threatening , as of something about to happen
imminence	n.	gcide	that which is imminent
imminence	n.	gcide	impending evil or danger
infamy	n.	gcide	total loss of reputation
infamy	n.	gcide	public disgrace
infamy	n.	gcide	dishonor
infamy	n.	gcide	ignominy
infamy	n.	gcide	indignity
infamy	n.	gcide	a quality which exposes to disgrace
infamy	n.	gcide	extreme baseness or vileness
overbalance	v. t.	gcide	to exceed equality with
overbalance	v. t.	gcide	to outweigh
overbalance	v. t.	gcide	to cause to lose balance or equilibrium
overbalance	n.	gcide	excess of weight or value
overbalance	n.	gcide	something more than an equivalent
advisable	a.	gcide	proper to be <unk> or to be done
advisable	a.	gcide	expedient
advisable	a.	gcide	prudent
heretical	a.	gcide	containing heresy
heretical	a.	gcide	of the nature of , or characterized by , heresy
song	n.	gcide	that which is sung or uttered with musical modulations of the voice , whether of a human being or of a bird , insect , etc
song	n.	gcide	a lyrical poem adapted to vocal music
song	n.	gcide	a ballad
song	n.	gcide	more generally , any poetical strain
song	n.	gcide	a poem
opprobrium	n.	gcide	a state of disgrace
opprobrium	n.	gcide	infamy
opprobrium	n.	gcide	reproach mingled with contempt
opprobrium	n.	gcide	odium { 3 }
opprobrium	n.	gcide	abusive language
atrophied	p. a.	gcide	affected with atrophy , as a tissue or organ
atrophied	p. a.	gcide	arrested in development at a very early stage
atrophied	p. a.	gcide	rudimentary
misstep	n.	gcide	a wrong step
misstep	n.	gcide	an error of conduct
misstep	v. i.	gcide	to take a wrong step
misstep	v. i.	gcide	to go astray
dentifrice	n.	gcide	a powder or other substance to be used in cleaning the teeth
dentifrice	n.	gcide	tooth powder
perspicuous	a.	gcide	clear to the understanding
perspicuous	a.	gcide	capable of being clearly understood
perspicuous	a.	gcide	clear in thought or in expression
perspicuous	a.	gcide	not obscure or ambiguous
doting	a.	gcide	silly
doting	a.	gcide	excessively fond
modern	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to the present time , or time not long past
modern	a.	gcide	late
modern	a.	gcide	not ancient or remote in past time
modern	a.	gcide	of recent period
artistry	n.	gcide	works of art collectively
artistry	n.	gcide	artistic effect or quality
artistry	n.	gcide	artistic pursuits
artistry	n.	gcide	artistic ability
overseer	n.	gcide	one who oversees
overseer	n.	gcide	a superintendent
overseer	n.	gcide	a supervisor
overseer	n.	gcide	specifically , one or certain public officers
rabies	n.	gcide	same as hydrophobia
rabies	n.	gcide	canine madness
accurately	adv.	gcide	in an accurate manner
accurately	adv.	gcide	exactly
accurately	adv.	gcide	precisely
accurately	adv.	gcide	without error or defect
consent	v. i.	gcide	to agree in opinion or sentiment
consent	v. i.	gcide	to be of the same mind
consent	v. i.	gcide	to accord
consent	v. i.	gcide	to concur
consent	v. i.	gcide	to indicate or express a willingness
consent	v. i.	gcide	to yield to guidance , persuasion , or necessity
consent	v. i.	gcide	to give assent or approval
consent	v. i.	gcide	to comply
consent	n.	gcide	agreement in opinion or sentiment
consent	n.	gcide	the being of one mind
consent	n.	gcide	accord
consent	n.	gcide	correspondence in parts , qualities , or operations
consent	n.	gcide	agreement
consent	n.	gcide	harmony
consent	n.	gcide	coherence
consent	n.	gcide	voluntary accordance with , or concurrence in , what is done or proposed by another
consent	n.	gcide	acquiescence
consent	n.	gcide	compliance
consent	n.	gcide	approval
consent	n.	gcide	permission
doubtful	a.	gcide	not settled in opinion
doubtful	a.	gcide	undetermined
doubtful	a.	gcide	wavering
doubtful	a.	gcide	hesitating in belief
doubtful	a.	gcide	used , metaphorically , of the body when its action is affected by such a state of mind
doubtful	a.	gcide	admitting of doubt
doubtful	a.	gcide	not obvious , clear , or certain
doubtful	a.	gcide	questionable
doubtful	a.	gcide	not decided
doubtful	a.	gcide	not easy to be defined , classed , or named
doubtful	a.	gcide	characterized by ambiguity
doubtful	a.	gcide	dubious
viaduct	n.	gcide	a bridge
viaduct	n.	gcide	one for crossing a valley or a gorge
chit	n.	gcide	the embryo or the growing bud of a plant
chit	n.	gcide	a shoot
chit	n.	gcide	a sprout
chit	n.	gcide	a child or babe
chit	n.	gcide	a young small or insignificant person or animal
chit	n.	gcide	a small tool used in cleaving laths
chit	n.	gcide	a short letter or note
chit	n.	gcide	a written message or memorandum
chit	n.	gcide	a certificate given to a servant
chit	n.	gcide	a pass , or the like
chit	n.	gcide	a signed voucher or memorandum of a small debt , as for food and drinks at a club
chit	v. i.	gcide	to shoot out
chit	v. i.	gcide	to sprout
shove	v. t.	gcide	to drive along by the direct and continuous application of strength
shove	v. t.	gcide	to push
shove	v. t.	gcide	to push ( a body ) so as to make it move along the surface of another body
shove	v. t.	gcide	to push along , aside , or away , in a careless or rude manner
shove	v. t.	gcide	to jostle
shove	v. i.	gcide	to push or drive forward
shove	v. i.	gcide	to move onward by pushing or jostling
shove	v. i.	gcide	to move off or along by an act pushing , as with an oar a pole used by one in a boat
shove	v. i.	gcide	sometimes with off
shove	n.	gcide	the act of shoving
shove	n.	gcide	a forcible push
udder	n.	gcide	the glandular organ in which milk is secreted and stored
custodian	n.	gcide	one who has care or custody , as of some public building
custodian	n.	gcide	a keeper or superintendent
diminutive	a.	gcide	below the average size
diminutive	a.	gcide	very small
diminutive	a.	gcide	little
diminutive	a.	gcide	expressing diminution
diminutive	n.	gcide	something of very small size or value
diminutive	n.	gcide	an insignificant thing
diminutive	n.	gcide	a derivative from a noun , denoting a small or a young object of the same kind with that denoted by the primitive
bushel	n.	gcide	a dry measure , containing four pecks , eight gallons , or thirty - two quarts
bushel	v. t.	gcide	to mend or repair , as men ' s garments
bushel	v. t.	gcide	to repair garments
stealing	n.	gcide	the act of taking feloniously the personal property of another without his consent and knowledge
stealing	n.	gcide	theft
stealing	n.	gcide	larceny
stealing	n.	gcide	that which is stolen
stealing	n.	gcide	stolen property
thing	n.	gcide	whatever exists , or is conceived to exist , as a separate entity , whether animate or inanimate
thing	n.	gcide	any separable or distinguishable object of thought
thing	n.	gcide	an inanimate object , in distinction from a living being
thing	n.	gcide	any lifeless material
thing	n.	gcide	a transaction or occurrence
thing	n.	gcide	an event
thing	n.	gcide	a deed
thing	n.	gcide	in scandinavian countries , a legislative or judicial assembly
foreboding	n.	gcide	presage of coming ill
foreboding	n.	gcide	expectation of misfortune
consternation	n.	gcide	terror , combined with amazement
consternation	n.	gcide	dismay
flier	n.	gcide	one who flies or flees
flier	n.	gcide	a runaway
flier	n.	gcide	a fugitive
flier	n.	gcide	a fly
astray	adv.	gcide	out of the right , either in a literal or in a figurative sense
astray	adv.	gcide	wandering
disclosed	p. a.	gcide	represented with wings expanded
carburetor	n.	gcide	an apparatus in which coal gas , hydrogen , or air is passed through or over a volatile hydrocarbon , in order to confer or increase illuminating power
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to enter unlawfully upon the land of another
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to go too far
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to put any one to inconvenience by demand or importunity
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to intrude
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to commit any offense , or to do any act that injures or annoys another
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to violate any rule of rectitude , to the injury of another
trespass	v. i.	gcide	in a moral sense to transgress voluntarily any divine law or command
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to violate any known rule of duty
trespass	v. i.	gcide	to sin
trespass	n.	gcide	any injury or offence done to another
trespass	n.	gcide	any voluntary transgression of the moral law
trespass	n.	gcide	any violation of a known rule of duty
trespass	n.	gcide	sin
sawbuck	n.	gcide	a sawhorse
sawbuck	n.	gcide	a ten - dollar bill
planted	a.	gcide	fixed in place , as a projecting member wrought on a separate piece of stuff
blunder	v. i.	gcide	to make a gross error or mistake
blunder	v. i.	gcide	to move in an awkward , clumsy manner
blunder	v. i.	gcide	to flounder and stumble
blunder	v. t.	gcide	to confuse
blunder	n.	gcide	a gross error or mistake , resulting from carelessness , stupidity , or culpable ignorance
buttonhole	n.	gcide	the hole or loop in which a button is caught
buttonhole	v. t.	gcide	to detain in conversation to weariness
buttonhole	v. t.	gcide	to bore
underworld	n.	gcide	the lower of inferior world
underworld	n.	gcide	the world which is under the heavens
underworld	n.	gcide	the earth
underworld	n.	gcide	the <unk> place of departed souls
redact	v. t.	gcide	to reduce to form , as literary matter
redact	v. t.	gcide	to digest and put in shape ( matter for publication )
redact	v. t.	gcide	to edit
blooming	n.	gcide	the process of making blooms from the ore or from cast iron
blooming	a.	gcide	opening in blossoms
blooming	a.	gcide	flowering
blooming	a.	gcide	thriving in health , beauty , and vigor
dorsally	adv.	gcide	on , or toward , the dorsum , or back
dorsally	adv.	gcide	on the dorsal side of
counselor	n.	gcide	an adviser
counselor	n.	gcide	a member of council
counselor	n.	gcide	one appointed to advise a sovereign or chief magistrate
counselor	n.	gcide	one whose profession is to give advice in law , and manage causes for clients in court
counselor	n.	gcide	a barrister
boudoir	n.	gcide	a small room , especially if pleasant , or elegantly furnished , to which a lady may retire to be alone , or to receive intimate friends
boudoir	n.	gcide	a lady ' s bedroom
boudoir	n.	gcide	a lady ' s ( or sometimes a gentleman ' s ) private room
democratic	a.	gcide	pertaining to democracy
democratic	a.	gcide	favoring democracy , or constructed upon the principle of government by the people
democratic	a.	gcide	befitting the common people
excretion	n.	gcide	the act of excreting
excretion	n.	gcide	that which is excreted
excretion	n.	gcide	excrement
torus	n.	gcide	a large molding used in the bases of columns
torus	n.	gcide	the receptacle , or part of the flower on which the carpels stand
exorbitance	n.	gcide	a going out of or beyond the usual or due limit
exorbitance	n.	gcide	enormity
exorbitance	n.	gcide	extravagance
exorbitance	n.	gcide	gross deviation from rule , right , or propriety
superhuman	a.	gcide	above or beyond what is human
superhuman	a.	gcide	sometimes , divine
wither	v. i.	gcide	to fade
wither	v. i.	gcide	to lose freshness
wither	v. i.	gcide	to dry or shrivel up
wither	v. i.	gcide	to lose or want animal moisture
wither	v. i.	gcide	to waste
wither	v. i.	gcide	to pin � away , as animal bodies
wither	v. i.	gcide	to lose vigor or power
wither	v. i.	gcide	to languish
wither	v. i.	gcide	to pass away
wither	v. t.	gcide	to cause to fade , and become dry
wither	v. t.	gcide	to cause to shrink , wrinkle , or decay , for want of animal moisture
wither	v. t.	gcide	to cause to languish , perish , or pass away
wither	v. t.	gcide	to blight
breakneck	n.	gcide	a fall that breaks the neck
breakneck	a.	gcide	producing danger of a broken neck
separation	n.	gcide	the act of separating , or the state of being separated , or separate
separation	n.	gcide	chemical analysis
separation	n.	gcide	divorce
graven	p. p.	gcide	carved
germ	n.	gcide	that which is to develop a new individual
germ	n.	gcide	the earliest form under which an organism appears
germ	n.	gcide	that from which anything springs
germ	n.	gcide	igin
germ	n.	gcide	first principle
invalid	a.	gcide	of no force , weight , or cogency
invalid	a.	gcide	not valid
invalid	a.	gcide	weak
invalid	a.	gcide	having no force , effect , or efficacy
invalid	a.	gcide	void
invalid	a.	gcide	null
invalid	n.	gcide	a person who is weak and infirm
invalid	n.	gcide	one who is disabled for active service
invalid	n.	gcide	one in chronic ill health who is unable to care for himself
invalid	a.	gcide	not well
invalid	a.	gcide	feeble
invalid	a.	gcide	infirm
invalid	a.	gcide	sickly
fretted	p. p.	gcide	rubbed or worn away
fretted	p. p.	gcide	agitated
fretted	p. p.	gcide	vexed
fretted	p. p.	gcide	worried
fretted	p. p.	gcide	furnished with frets
fretted	p. p.	gcide	variegated
fretted	p. p.	gcide	made rough on the surface
fretted	p. p.	gcide	interlaced one with another
idiosyncratic	a.	gcide	of peculiar temper or disposition
idiosyncratic	a.	gcide	belonging to one ' s peculiar and individual character
polytheism	n.	gcide	the doctrine of , or belief in , a plurality of gods
dilution	n.	gcide	the act of diluting , or the state of being diluted
constabulary	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to <unk>
constabulary	n.	gcide	the collective body of <unk> in any town , district , or country
grandiloquence	n.	gcide	the use of lofty words or phrases
grandiloquence	n.	gcide	bombast
exceed	v. t.	gcide	to go beyond
exceed	v. t.	gcide	to proceed beyond the given or supposed limit or measure of
exceed	v. t.	gcide	to outgo
exceed	v. t.	gcide	to surpass
exceed	v. i.	gcide	to go too far
exceed	v. i.	gcide	to pass the proper bounds or measure
exceed	v. i.	gcide	to be more or greater
exceed	v. i.	gcide	to be paramount
unveil	v. t.	gcide	to remove a veil from
unveil	v. t.	gcide	to divest of a veil
unveil	v. t.	gcide	to uncover
unveil	v. t.	gcide	to disclose to view
unveil	v. t.	gcide	to reveal
unveil	v. i.	gcide	to remove a veil
unveil	v. i.	gcide	to reveal one ' s self
glottis	n.	gcide	the opening from the pharynx into the larynx or into the trachea
chaff	n.	gcide	the <unk> or husks of grains and grasses separated from the seed by threshing and winnowing , etc
chaff	n.	gcide	anything of a comparatively light and worthless character
chaff	n.	gcide	the refuse part of anything
chaff	n.	gcide	straw or hay cut up fine for the food of cattle
chaff	v. i.	gcide	to use light , idle language by way of fun or ridicule
chaff	v. i.	gcide	to banter
chaff	v. t.	gcide	to make fun of
chaff	v. t.	gcide	to quiz
bedded	a.	gcide	provided with a bed
bedded	a.	gcide	placed or arranged in a bed or beds
huskiness	n.	gcide	the state of being husky
huskiness	n.	gcide	roughness of sound
huskiness	n.	gcide	harshness
huskiness	n.	gcide	hoarseness
buss	n.	gcide	a kiss
buss	n.	gcide	a rude or playful kiss
buss	n.	gcide	a smack
buss	v. t.	gcide	to kiss
buss	v. t.	gcide	to kiss with a smack , or rudely
mathematical	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to mathematics
mathematical	a.	gcide	according to mathematics
mathematical	a.	gcide	theoretically precise
mathematical	a.	gcide	accurate
punt	v. i.	gcide	to play at basset , <unk> , faro
punt	v. i.	gcide	to gamble
punt	n.	gcide	act of playing at basset , <unk> , faro , etc
punt	n.	gcide	a flat - bottomed boat with square ends
punt	v. t.	gcide	to propel , as a boat in shallow water , by pushing with a pole against the bottom
punt	v. t.	gcide	to push or propel ( anything ) with exertion
punt	v. t.	gcide	to kick ( the ball ) before it touches the ground , when let fall from the hands
humanist	n.	gcide	one who pursues the study of the humanities , or polite literature
humanist	n.	gcide	one versed in knowledge of human nature
smite	v. t.	gcide	to strike
smite	v. t.	gcide	to inflict a blow upon with the hand , or with any instrument held in the hand , or with a missile thrown by the hand
smite	v. t.	gcide	to cause to strike
smite	v. t.	gcide	to use as an instrument in striking or hurling
smite	v. t.	gcide	to destroy the life of by beating , or by weapons of any kind
smite	v. t.	gcide	to slay by a blow
smite	v. t.	gcide	to kill
smite	n.	gcide	a blow
omen	n.	gcide	an occurrence supposed to portend , or show the character of , some future event
omen	n.	gcide	any indication or action regarded as a foreshowing
omen	n.	gcide	a foreboding
omen	n.	gcide	a presage
omen	n.	gcide	an augury
omen	v. t.	gcide	to predict
omen	v. t.	gcide	to augur
eel	n.	gcide	an elongated fish of many genera and species
fatherly	a.	gcide	like a father in affection and care
fatherly	a.	gcide	paternal
fatherly	a.	gcide	tender
fatherly	a.	gcide	protecting
fatherly	a.	gcide	careful
fatherly	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to a father
static	a.	gcide	resting
static	a.	gcide	acting by mere weight without motion
static	a.	gcide	pertaining to bodies at rest or in equilibrium
placate	n.	gcide	same as placard , 4 <unk> 5
placate	v. t.	gcide	to appease
placate	v. t.	gcide	to pacify
bountiful	a.	gcide	free in giving
bountiful	a.	gcide	liberal in bestowing gifts and favors
bountiful	a.	gcide	plentiful
bountiful	a.	gcide	abundant
vas	n.	gcide	a vessel
vas	n.	gcide	a duct
untruthful	a.	gcide	not truthful
untruthful	a.	gcide	contrary to the truth or the fact
bunch	n.	gcide	a protuberance
bunch	n.	gcide	a hunch
bunch	n.	gcide	a knob or lump
bunch	n.	gcide	a hump
bunch	n.	gcide	a collection , cluster , or tuft , properly of things of the same kind , growing or fastened together
bunch	n.	gcide	a small isolated mass of ore , as distinguished from a continuous vein
bunch	v. i.	gcide	to be protuberant or round
foggy	a.	gcide	misty
foggy	a.	gcide	dull
foggy	a.	gcide	obscure
elephantine	a.	gcide	pertaining to the elephant , or resembling an elephant ( commonly , in size )
elephantine	a.	gcide	huge
elephantine	a.	gcide	immense
elephantine	a.	gcide	heavy
stateroom	n.	gcide	a magnificent room in a palace or great house
stateroom	n.	gcide	a small apartment for lodging or sleeping in the cabin , or on the deck , of a vessel
stateroom	n.	gcide	a somewhat similar apartment in a railway sleeping car
viand	n.	gcide	an article of food
viand	n.	gcide	provisions
viand	n.	gcide	food
viand	n.	gcide	victuals
oleaginous	a.	gcide	having the nature or qualities of oil
oleaginous	a.	gcide	oily
oleaginous	a.	gcide	unctuous
masquerade	n.	gcide	an assembly of persons wearing masks , and amusing themselves with dancing , conversation , or other diversions
masquerade	n.	gcide	acting or living under false pretenses
masquerade	n.	gcide	concealment of something by a false or unreal show
masquerade	n.	gcide	pretentious show
masquerade	n.	gcide	disguise
masquerade	n.	gcide	a spanish diversion on horseback
masquerade	v. i.	gcide	to assemble in masks
masquerade	v. i.	gcide	to make a pretentious show of being what one is not
masquerade	v. t.	gcide	to conceal with masks
masquerade	v. t.	gcide	to disguise
accusation	n.	gcide	the act of <unk> or charging with a crime or with a lighter offense
accusation	n.	gcide	that of which one is accused
accusation	n.	gcide	the charge of an offense or crime , or the declaration containing the charge
exfoliate	v. i.	gcide	to separate and come off in scales or lamin æ, as pieces of carious bone or of bark
exfoliate	v. i.	gcide	to split into scales , especially to become converted into scales at the result of heat or decomposition
exfoliate	v. t.	gcide	to remove scales , lamin æ, or splinters from the surface of
cleaver	n.	gcide	a butcher ' s instrument for cutting animal bodies into joints or pieces
extenuate	v. t.	gcide	to make thin or slender
extenuate	v. t.	gcide	to draw out so as to lessen the thickness
extenuate	v. t.	gcide	to lessen
extenuate	v. t.	gcide	to palliate
extenuate	v. t.	gcide	to lessen or weaken the force of
extenuate	v. t.	gcide	to diminish the conception of , as crime , guilt , faults , ills , accusations , etc
extenuate	v. i.	gcide	to become thinner
extenuate	v. i.	gcide	to make excuses
apprehensive	a.	gcide	capable of apprehending , or quick to do so
apprehensive	a.	gcide	apt
apprehensive	a.	gcide	discerning
apprehensive	a.	gcide	relating to the faculty of apprehension
apprehensive	a.	gcide	anticipative of something unfavorable ' fearful of what may be coming
apprehensive	a.	gcide	in dread of possible harm
apprehensive	a.	gcide	in expectation of evil
ingathering	n.	gcide	the act or business of gathering or collecting anything
ingathering	n.	gcide	the gathering of the fruits of the earth
ingathering	n.	gcide	harvest
engraving	n.	gcide	the act or art of producing upon hard material incised or raised patterns , characters , lines , and the like
engraving	n.	gcide	the art of producing such lines etc
engraving	n.	gcide	for producing an original from which a pattern or design may be printed on paper
engraving	n.	gcide	that which is engraved
engraving	n.	gcide	an engraved plate
engraving	n.	gcide	an impression from an engraved plate , block of wood , or other material
engraving	n.	gcide	a print
pebbly	a.	gcide	full of pebbles
decedent	a.	gcide	removing
decedent	a.	gcide	departing
decedent	n.	gcide	a deceased person
distractedly	adv.	gcide	madly
revive	v. i.	gcide	to return to life
revive	v. i.	gcide	to recover life or strength
revive	v. i.	gcide	to live anew
revive	v. i.	gcide	to recover from a state of oblivion obscurity neglect or depression
revive	v. i.	gcide	to recover its natural or metallic state , as a metal
revive	v. t.	gcide	to restore , or bring again to life
revive	v. t.	gcide	to reanimate
revive	v. t.	gcide	to raise from coma , languor , depression , or discouragement
revive	v. t.	gcide	to bring into action after a suspension
revive	v. t.	gcide	to recover from a state of neglect or disuse
wrest	v. t.	gcide	to turn
wrest	v. t.	gcide	to twist
wrest	v. t.	gcide	to twist or extort by violence
wrest	v. t.	gcide	to turn from truth
wrest	v. t.	gcide	to twist from its natural or proper use or meaning by violence
wrest	v. t.	gcide	to pervert
wrest	v. t.	gcide	to distort
wrest	n.	gcide	a wrench
wrest	n.	gcide	a violent twist
wrest	n.	gcide	distortion
wrest	n.	gcide	perversion
wrest	n.	gcide	a key to tune a stringed instrument of music
wrest	n.	gcide	a partition in a water wheel , by which the form of the buckets is determined
instrumentality	n.	gcide	the quality or condition of being instrumental
instrumentality	n.	gcide	that which is instrumental
instrumentality	n.	gcide	anything used as a means
instrumentality	n.	gcide	medium
instrumentality	n.	gcide	agency
specially	adv.	gcide	in a special manner
specially	adv.	gcide	particularly
specially	adv.	gcide	for a particular purpose
grasping	a.	gcide	seizing
grasping	a.	gcide	embracing
grasping	a.	gcide	catching
grasping	a.	gcide	avaricious
grasping	a.	gcide	greedy of gain
grasping	a.	gcide	covetous
grasping	a.	gcide	close
grasping	a.	gcide	miserly
exaction	n.	gcide	the act of demanding with authority , and compelling to pay or yield
exaction	n.	gcide	compulsion to give or furnish
exaction	n.	gcide	a levying by force
exaction	n.	gcide	a driving to compliance
exaction	n.	gcide	extortion
exaction	n.	gcide	that which is exacted
exaction	n.	gcide	a severe tribute
exaction	n.	gcide	a fee , reward , or contribution , demanded or levied with severity or injustice
tress	n.	gcide	a braid , knot , or curl , of hair
tress	n.	gcide	a ringlet
tress	n.	gcide	a knot or festoon , as of flowers
invest	v. t.	gcide	to put garments on
invest	v. t.	gcide	to clothe
invest	v. t.	gcide	to dress
invest	v. t.	gcide	to array
invest	v. t.	gcide	to clothe , as with office or authority
invest	v. t.	gcide	to place in possession of rank , dignity , or estate
invest	v. t.	gcide	to endow
invest	v. t.	gcide	to adorn
invest	v. t.	gcide	to grace
invest	v. t.	gcide	to bedeck
invest	v. t.	gcide	to surround , accompany , or attend
invest	v. i.	gcide	to make an investment
absolution	n.	gcide	an absolving , or setting free from guilt , sin , or penalty
absolution	n.	gcide	forgiveness of an offense
absolution	n.	gcide	the exercise of priestly jurisdiction in the sacrament of penance , by which catholics believe the sins of the truly penitent are forgiven
absolution	n.	gcide	an absolving from ecclesiastical penalties , -- for example , excommunication
nothingness	n.	gcide	nonexistence
nothingness	n.	gcide	the state of being of no value
nothingness	n.	gcide	a thing of no value
undress	v. t.	gcide	to divest of clothes
undress	v. t.	gcide	to strip
undress	v. t.	gcide	to divest of ornaments to disrobe
undress	v. t.	gcide	to take the dressing , or covering , from
undress	n.	gcide	a loose , negligent dress
undress	n.	gcide	dinary dress , as distinguished from full dress
undress	n.	gcide	an authorized habitual dress of officers and soldiers , but not full - dress uniform
omnipotence	n.	gcide	the state of being omnipotent
omnipotence	n.	gcide	almighty power
omnipotence	n.	gcide	one who is omnipotent
omnipotence	n.	gcide	the deity
omnipotence	n.	gcide	unlimited power of a particular kind
lurid	a.	gcide	pale yellow
lurid	a.	gcide	ghastly pale
lurid	a.	gcide	wan
lurid	a.	gcide	gloomy
lurid	a.	gcide	dismal
lurid	a.	gcide	having a brown color tinged with red , as of flame seen through smoke
lurid	a.	gcide	of a color tinged with purple , yellow , and gray
verification	n.	gcide	confirmation
verification	n.	gcide	authentication
verification	n.	gcide	confirmation by evidence
verification	n.	gcide	a formal phrase used in concluding a plea
disadvantage	n.	gcide	deprivation of advantage
disadvantage	n.	gcide	unfavorable or prejudicial quality , condition , circumstance , or the like
disadvantage	n.	gcide	that which hinders success , or causes loss or injury
disadvantage	n.	gcide	loss
disadvantage	n.	gcide	detriment
disadvantage	n.	gcide	hindrance
disadvantage	n.	gcide	prejudice to interest , fame , credit , profit , or other good
disadvantage	v. t.	gcide	to injure the interest of
disadvantage	v. t.	gcide	to be detrimental to
testis	n.	gcide	a testicle
epidemic	a.	gcide	common to , or affecting at the same time , a large number in a community
epidemic	a.	gcide	spreading widely , or generally prevailing
scrub	v. t.	gcide	to rub hard
scrub	v. t.	gcide	to wash with rubbing
scrub	v. i.	gcide	to rub anything hard , especially with a wet brush
scrub	v. i.	gcide	to scour
scrub	v. i.	gcide	to be diligent and penurious
scrub	n.	gcide	one who labors hard and lives meanly
scrub	n.	gcide	a mean fellow
scrub	n.	gcide	something small and mean
scrub	n.	gcide	a worn - out brush
scrub	a.	gcide	mean
scrub	a.	gcide	dirty
scrub	a.	gcide	contemptible
scrub	a.	gcide	scrubby
accumulate	v. t.	gcide	to heap up in a mass
accumulate	v. t.	gcide	to pile up
accumulate	v. t.	gcide	to collect or bring together
accumulate	v. t.	gcide	to amass
accumulate	v. i.	gcide	to grow or increase in quantity or number
accumulate	v. i.	gcide	to increase greatly
accumulate	a.	gcide	collected
accumulate	a.	gcide	accumulated
insomnia	n.	gcide	lack of sleep
insomnia	n.	gcide	inability to sleep , especially when chronic
insomnia	n.	gcide	sleeplessness
reproductive	a.	gcide	tending , or pertaining , to reproduction
reproductive	a.	gcide	employed in reproduction
rowdy	n.	gcide	one who engages in rows , or noisy quarrels
rabbi	n.	gcide	master
rabbi	n.	gcide	lord
rabbi	n.	gcide	teacher
dragon	n.	gcide	a fabulous animal , generally represented as a monstrous winged serpent or lizard , with a crested head and enormous claws , and regarded as very powerful and ferocious
dragon	n.	gcide	a fierce , violent person , especially a woman
choir	n.	gcide	a band or organized company of singers , especially in church service
choir	n.	gcide	that part of a church appropriated to the singers
choir	n.	gcide	the chancel
awe	n.	gcide	the emotion inspired by something dreadful and sublime
awe	n.	gcide	an undefined sense of the dreadful and the sublime
awe	n.	gcide	reverential fear , or solemn wonder
awe	n.	gcide	profound reverence
awe	v. t.	gcide	to strike with fear and reverence
awe	v. t.	gcide	to control by inspiring dread
surveying	n.	gcide	that branch of applied mathematics which teaches the art of determining the area of any portion of the earth ' s surface , the length and directions of the bounding lines , the contour of the surface , etc
surveying	n.	gcide	the act or occupation of making surveys
intone	v. t.	gcide	to utter with a musical or prolonged note or tone
intone	v. t.	gcide	to chant
intone	v. t.	gcide	to speak with a distinctive or unusual tone in the voice , or in a monotone
intone	v. i.	gcide	to utter a prolonged tone or a deep , protracted sound
intone	v. i.	gcide	to speak or recite in a measured , sonorous manner
platonic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to plato , or his philosophy , school , or opinions
platonic	a.	gcide	pure , passionless
platonic	a.	gcide	nonsexual
platonic	a.	gcide	philosophical
platonic	n.	gcide	a follower of plato
trophy	n.	gcide	a sign or memorial of a victory raised on the field of battle , or , in case of a naval victory , on the nearest land
trophy	n.	gcide	the representation of such a memorial , as on a medal
trophy	n.	gcide	arch , an ornament representing a group of arms and military weapons , offensive and defensive
trophy	n.	gcide	anything taken from an enemy and preserved as a memorial of victory , as arms , flags , standards , etc
exchequer	n.	gcide	one of the superior courts of law
exchequer	n.	gcide	the department of state having charge of the collection and management of the royal revenue
exchequer	n.	gcide	and , colloquially , pecuniary possessions in general
artisan	n.	gcide	one trained to manual dexterity in some mechanic art or trade
artisan	n.	gcide	a mechanic
passivity	n.	gcide	passiveness
passivity	n.	gcide	the tendency of a body to remain in a given state , either of motion or rest , till disturbed by another body
passivity	n.	gcide	inertia
passivity	n.	gcide	the quality or condition of any substance which has no inclination to chemical activity
passivity	n.	gcide	inactivity
atheroma	n.	gcide	a disease characterized by thickening and fatty degeneration of the inner coat of the arteries
rationale	n.	gcide	an explanation or exposition of the principles of some opinion , action , hypothesis , phenomenon , or the like
rationale	n.	gcide	the principles themselves
precarious	a.	gcide	depending on the will or pleasure of another
precarious	a.	gcide	held by courtesy
precarious	a.	gcide	liable to be changed or lost at the pleasure of another
precarious	a.	gcide	held by a doubtful tenure
precarious	a.	gcide	depending on unknown causes or events
precarious	a.	gcide	exposed to constant risk
precarious	a.	gcide	not to be depended on for certainty or stability
precarious	a.	gcide	uncertain
tickle	v. t.	gcide	to please
tickle	v. t.	gcide	to gratify
tickle	v. t.	gcide	to make joyous
tickle	v. i.	gcide	to feel titillation
tickle	v. i.	gcide	to excite the sensation of titillation
duly	adv.	gcide	in a due , fit , or becoming manner
duly	adv.	gcide	as it ( anything ) ought to be
duly	adv.	gcide	properly
duly	adv.	gcide	regularly
pneumatic	a.	gcide	consisting of , or resembling , air
pneumatic	a.	gcide	having the properties of an elastic fluid
pneumatic	a.	gcide	gaseous
pneumatic	a.	gcide	opposed to dense or solid
pneumatic	a.	gcide	of or pertaining to air , or to elastic fluids or their properties
pneumatic	a.	gcide	pertaining to pneumatics
pneumatic	a.	gcide	moved or worked by pressure or flow of air
inflammation	n.	gcide	the act of <unk> , kindling , or setting on fire
inflammation	n.	gcide	the state of being inflamed
inflammation	n.	gcide	a morbid condition of any part of the body , consisting in congestion of the blood vessels , with obstruction of the blood current , and growth of morbid tissue
inflammation	n.	gcide	violent excitement
inflammation	n.	gcide	heat
inflammation	n.	gcide	passion
inflammation	n.	gcide	animosity
inflammation	n.	gcide	turbulence
voluptuary	n.	gcide	a voluptuous person
voluptuary	n.	gcide	one who makes his physical enjoyment his chief care
voluptuary	n.	gcide	one addicted to luxury , and the gratification of sensual appetites
voluptuary	a.	gcide	voluptuous
voluptuary	a.	gcide	luxurious
remold	v. t.	gcide	to mold or shape anew or again
remold	v. t.	gcide	to reshape
acknowledge	v. t.	gcide	to own or admit the knowledge of
acknowledge	v. t.	gcide	to recognize as a fact or truth
acknowledge	v. t.	gcide	to declare one ' s belief in
acknowledge	v. t.	gcide	to own or recognize in a particular character or relationship
acknowledge	v. t.	gcide	to admit the claims or authority of
acknowledge	v. t.	gcide	to give recognition to
acknowledge	v. t.	gcide	to own with gratitude or as a benefit or an obligation
legitimately	adv.	gcide	in a legitimate manner
legitimately	adv.	gcide	lawfully
stultify	v. t.	gcide	to make foolish
stultify	v. t.	gcide	to make a fool of
stultify	v. t.	gcide	to allege or prove to be of unsound mind , so that the performance of some act may be avoided
applicable	a.	gcide	capable of being applied
applicable	a.	gcide	fit or suitable to be applied
applicable	a.	gcide	having relevance
tear	n.	gcide	a drop of the limpid , saline fluid secreted , normally in small amount , by the lachrymal gland , and diffused between the eye and the eyelids to moisten the parts and facilitate their motion
tear	n.	gcide	something in the form of a transparent drop of fluid matter
tear	n.	gcide	a partially vitrified bit of clay in glass
tear	v. t.	gcide	to separate by violence
tear	v. t.	gcide	to pull apart by force
tear	v. t.	gcide	to rend
tear	v. t.	gcide	to lacerate
tear	v. t.	gcide	to divide by violent measures
tear	v. t.	gcide	to disrupt
tear	v. t.	gcide	to rend
tear	v. t.	gcide	to rend away
tear	v. t.	gcide	to force away
tear	v. t.	gcide	to remove by force
tear	v. t.	gcide	to sunder
tear	v. i.	gcide	to divide or separate on being pulled
tear	v. i.	gcide	to be rent
tear	v. i.	gcide	to move and act with turbulent violence
tear	v. i.	gcide	to rush with violence
tear	v. i.	gcide	to rage
tear	v. i.	gcide	to rave
tear	n.	gcide	the act of tearing , or the state of being torn
tear	n.	gcide	a rent
tear	n.	gcide	a fissure
obsolete	a.	gcide	no longer in use
obsolete	a.	gcide	gone into disuse
obsolete	a.	gcide	neglected
obsolete	a.	gcide	not very distinct
obsolete	a.	gcide	obscure
obsolete	a.	gcide	imperfectly developed
obsolete	a.	gcide	abortive
manic	a.	gcide	of or pert
manic	a.	gcide	frenzied
remit	v. t.	gcide	to send back
remit	v. t.	gcide	to give up
remit	v. t.	gcide	to surrender
remit	v. t.	gcide	to resign
remit	v. t.	gcide	to transmit or send , especially to a distance , as money in payment of a demand , account , draft , etc
remit	v. t.	gcide	to send off or away
remit	v. t.	gcide	to refer or direct ( one ) for information , guidance , help , etc
remit	v. i.	gcide	to abate in force or in violence
remit	v. i.	gcide	to grow less intense
remit	v. i.	gcide	to abate
remit	v. i.	gcide	to relax
remit	v. i.	gcide	to send money , as in payment
fanatic	a.	gcide	pertaining to , or indicating , <unk>
fanatic	a.	gcide	extravagant in opinions
fanatic	a.	gcide	ultra
fanatic	a.	gcide	unreasonable
fanatic	a.	gcide	excessively enthusiastic , especially on religious subjects
fanatic	n.	gcide	a person affected by excessive enthusiasm , particularly on religious subjects
fanatic	n.	gcide	one who indulges wild and extravagant notions of religion
borrow	v. t.	gcide	to receive from another as a loan , with the implied or expressed intention of returning the identical article or its equivalent in kind
borrow	v. t.	gcide	to take ( one or more ) from the next higher denomination in order to add it to the next lower
borrow	v. t.	gcide	to copy or imitate
borrow	v. t.	gcide	to adopt
nomadic	a.	gcide	wandering
nomadic	a.	gcide	moving from place to place for subsistence
agendum	n.	gcide	something to be done
agendum	n.	gcide	in the plural , a memorandum book
agendum	n.	gcide	a list of items to be considered
agendum	n.	gcide	a church service
agendum	n.	gcide	a ritual or liturgy
guillotine	n.	gcide	a machine for beheading a person by one stroke of a heavy ax or blade , which slides in vertical guides , is raised by a cord , and let fall upon the neck of the victim
recast	v. t.	gcide	to throw again
recast	v. t.	gcide	to mold anew
recast	v. t.	gcide	to cast anew
recast	v. t.	gcide	to throw into a new form or shape
recast	v. t.	gcide	to reconstruct
recast	v. t.	gcide	to compute , or cast up , a second time
chute	n.	gcide	a framework , trough , or tube , upon or through which objects are made to slide from a higher to a lower level , or through which water passes to a wheel
grasshopper	n.	gcide	in ordinary square or upright pianos of london make , the <unk> lever or jack , so made that it can be taken out and replaced with the key
worst	a.	gcide	bad , evil , or pernicious , in the highest degree , whether in a physical or moral sense
worst	n.	gcide	that which is most bad or evil
worst	n.	gcide	the most severe , pernicious , calamitous , or wicked state or degree
worst	v. t.	gcide	to gain advantage over , in contest or competition
worst	v. t.	gcide	to get the better of
worst	v. t.	gcide	to defeat
worst	v. t.	gcide	to overthrow
worst	v. t.	gcide	to discomfit
state	n.	gcide	the circumstances or condition of a being or thing at any given time
state	n.	gcide	rank
state	n.	gcide	condition
state	n.	gcide	quality
state	n.	gcide	condition of prosperity or grandeur
state	n.	gcide	wealthy or prosperous circumstances
state	n.	gcide	social importance
state	a.	gcide	public
state	v. t.	gcide	to express the particulars of
state	v. t.	gcide	to set down in detail or in gross
state	v. t.	gcide	to represent fully in words
state	v. t.	gcide	to narrate
state	v. t.	gcide	to recite
preoccupation	n.	gcide	the state of being preoccupied
preoccupation	n.	gcide	prepossession
lard	n.	gcide	the fat of swine , especially the internal fat of the abdomen
lard	n.	gcide	this fat melted and strained
lard	v. t.	gcide	to stuff with bacon
lard	v. t.	gcide	to fatten
lard	v. t.	gcide	to enrich
milt	n.	gcide	the spleen
milt	n.	gcide	the spermatic fluid of fishes
brood	n.	gcide	the young birds hatched at one time
brood	n.	gcide	a hatch
brood	n.	gcide	the young from the same dam , whether produced at the same time or not
brood	n.	gcide	young children of the same mother , especially if nearly of the same age
brood	n.	gcide	offspring
brood	n.	gcide	progeny
brood	n.	gcide	that which is bred or produced
brood	n.	gcide	breed
brood	n.	gcide	species
brood	a.	gcide	sitting or inclined to sit on eggs
brood	a.	gcide	kept for breeding from
brood	a.	gcide	having young
brood	v. i.	gcide	to sit on and cover eggs , as a fowl , for the purpose of warming them and hatching the young
brood	v. i.	gcide	to sit over and cover young , as a hen her chickens , in der to warm and protect them
brood	v. i.	gcide	to sit quietly as if brooding
brood	v. i.	gcide	to have the mind dwell continuously or moodily on a subject
brood	v. i.	gcide	to think long and anxiously
brood	v. i.	gcide	to be in a state of gloomy , serious thought
brood	v. t.	gcide	to sit over , cover , and cherish
brood	v. t.	gcide	to think anxiously or moodily upon
amiable	a.	gcide	friendly
amiable	a.	gcide	kindly
amiable	a.	gcide	sweet
amiable	a.	gcide	gracious
amiable	a.	gcide	possessing sweetness of disposition
marquise	n.	gcide	the wife of a marquis
scrumptious	a.	gcide	nice
scrumptious	a.	gcide	particular
scrumptious	a.	gcide	fastidious
scrumptious	a.	gcide	excellent
scrumptious	a.	gcide	fine
portend	v. t.	gcide	to indicate ( events , misfortunes , etc
portend	v. t.	gcide	to foreshow
portend	v. t.	gcide	to bode
grail	n.	gcide	a broad , open dish
grail	n.	gcide	a chalice
grail	n.	gcide	one of the small feathers of a hawk
preternatural	a.	gcide	beyond of different from what is natural , or according to the regular course of things , but not clearly supernatural or miraculous
preternatural	a.	gcide	strange
preternatural	a.	gcide	inexplicable
preternatural	a.	gcide	extraordinary
preternatural	a.	gcide	uncommon
preternatural	a.	gcide	irregular
preternatural	a.	gcide	abnormal
crater	n.	gcide	similarly , the mouth of a geyser , about which a cone of silica is often built up
crater	n.	gcide	the pit left by the explosion of a bomb , shell , or mine
essential	a.	gcide	belonging to the essence , or that which makes an object , or class of objects , what it is
essential	a.	gcide	really existing
essential	a.	gcide	existent
essential	a.	gcide	important in the highest degree
essential	a.	gcide	indispensable to the attainment of an object
essential	a.	gcide	indispensably necessary
essential	n.	gcide	first or constituent principle
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to secure by bonds
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to chain
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to bond or confine
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to hold tightly
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to bring into a narrow compass
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to compress
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to hold back by force
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to restrain
constrain	v. t.	gcide	to repress
plutocrat	n.	gcide	one whose wealth gives him power or influence
plutocrat	n.	gcide	one of the plutocracy
freestone	n.	gcide	a stone composed of sand or grit
freestone	a.	gcide	having the flesh readily separating from the stone , as in certain kinds of peaches
glucose	n.	gcide	a variety of sugar occurring in nature very abundantly , as in ripe grapes , and in honey , and produced in great quantities from starch , etc
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to put a barrier before
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to shut out
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to hinder
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to stop
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to impede
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to shut out by anticipative action
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to prevent or hinder by necessary consequence or implication
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to deter action of , access to , employment of , etc
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to render ineffectual
preclude	v. t.	gcide	to obviate by anticipation
candle	n.	gcide	a slender , cylindrical body of tallow , containing a wick composed of loosely twisted linen of cotton threads , and used to furnish light
candle	n.	gcide	that which gives light
candle	n.	gcide	a luminary
cunningly	adv.	gcide	in a cunning manner
cunningly	adv.	gcide	with cunning
page	n.	gcide	a serving boy
page	n.	gcide	in england a youth employed for doing <unk> waiting on the door and similar service in <unk>
page	n.	gcide	in the united states , a boy or girl employed to wait upon the members of a legislative body
page	n.	gcide	a contrivance , as a band , pin , snap , or the like , to hold the skirt of a woman ' s dress from the ground
page	v. t.	gcide	to call out a person ' s name in a public place , so as to deliver a message , as in a hospital , restaurant , etc
page	v. t.	gcide	to call a person on a <unk>
page	n.	gcide	one side of a leaf of a book or manuscript
page	n.	gcide	a record
page	n.	gcide	a writing
page	v. t.	gcide	to mark or number the pages of , as a book or manuscript
aggrandize	v. t.	gcide	to make great
aggrandize	v. t.	gcide	to enlarge
aggrandize	v. t.	gcide	to increase
aggrandize	v. t.	gcide	to make great or greater in power , rank , honor , or wealth
aggrandize	v. t.	gcide	to make appear great or greater
aggrandize	v. t.	gcide	to exalt
soda	n.	gcide	sodium oxide or hydroxide
soda	n.	gcide	popularly , sodium carbonate or bicarbonate
contemplation	n.	gcide	the act of the mind in considering with attention
contemplation	n.	gcide	continued attention of the mind to a particular subject
contemplation	n.	gcide	meditation
contemplation	n.	gcide	musing
contemplation	n.	gcide	study
contemplation	n.	gcide	the act of looking forward to an event as about to happen
contemplation	n.	gcide	expectation
affecting	a.	gcide	moving the emotions
affecting	a.	gcide	fitted to excite the emotions
affecting	a.	gcide	pathetic
affecting	a.	gcide	touching
freak	n.	gcide	a sudden causeless change or turn of the mind
freak	n.	gcide	a whim of fancy
freak	n.	gcide	a capricious prank
freak	n.	gcide	a vagary or caprice
freak	n.	gcide	a rare and unpredictable event
planter	n.	gcide	one who , or that which , plants or sows
planter	n.	gcide	one who owns or cultivates a plantation
planter	n.	gcide	a colonist in a new or uncultivated territory
decorative	a.	gcide	suited to decorate or embellish
decorative	a.	gcide	adorning
debilitate	v. t.	gcide	to impair the strength of
debilitate	v. t.	gcide	to weaken
debilitate	v. t.	gcide	to enfeeble
antecedence	n.	gcide	the act or state of going before in time
antecedence	n.	gcide	precedence
antecedence	n.	gcide	an apparent motion of a planet toward the west
symbol	n.	gcide	a visible sign or representation of an idea
symbol	n.	gcide	anything which suggests an idea or quality , or another thing , as by resemblance or by convention
symbol	n.	gcide	an emblem
symbol	n.	gcide	a representation
symbol	n.	gcide	a type
symbol	n.	gcide	a figure
symbol	n.	gcide	any character used to represent a quantity , an operation , a relation , or an abbreviation
symbol	n.	gcide	an abstract or compendium of faith or doctrine
symbol	n.	gcide	a creed , or a summary of the articles of religion
mope	v. i.	gcide	to be dull and spiritless
mope	v. i.	gcide	to spend time doing little
mope	n.	gcide	a dull , spiritless person
gall	n.	gcide	anything extremely bitter
gall	n.	gcide	bitterness
gall	n.	gcide	rancor
gall	n.	gcide	an excrescence of any form produced on any part of a plant by insects or their larvae
gall	v. t.	gcide	to fret and wear away by friction
gall	v. t.	gcide	to hurt or break the skin of by rubbing
gall	v. t.	gcide	to chafe
gall	v. t.	gcide	to injure the surface of by attrition
gall	v. t.	gcide	to fret
gall	v. t.	gcide	to vex
gall	v. t.	gcide	to injure
gall	v. t.	gcide	to harass
gall	v. t.	gcide	to annoy
gall	n.	gcide	a wound in the skin made by rubbing
numerous	a.	gcide	consisting of a great number of units or individual objects
numerous	a.	gcide	being many
disfigurement	n.	gcide	deformity
disfigurement	n.	gcide	that which disfigures
disfigurement	n.	gcide	a defacement
disfigurement	n.	gcide	a blot
honeycombed	a.	gcide	formed or perforated like a honeycomb
baron	n.	gcide	a title or degree of nobility
baron	n.	gcide	iginally , the possess of a fief , who had feudal tenants under him
baron	n.	gcide	in modern times , in france and germany , a nobleman next in rank below a count
baron	n.	gcide	in england , a nobleman of the lowest grade in the house of lords , being next below a viscount
smasher	n.	gcide	anything very large or extraordinary
slashed	a.	gcide	marked or cut with a slash or <unk>
slashed	a.	gcide	having long narrow openings as a sleeve or other part of a garment to show rich lining or under vesture
slashed	a.	gcide	divided into many narrow parts or segments by sharp incisions
actively	adv.	gcide	in an active manner
actively	adv.	gcide	nimbly
actively	adv.	gcide	briskly
actively	adv.	gcide	energetically
actively	adv.	gcide	by one ' s own action
actively	adv.	gcide	voluntarily , not passively
actively	adv.	gcide	in an active signification
larynx	n.	gcide	the expanded upper end of the windpipe or trachea , connected with the hyoid bone or cartilage
clink	v. t.	gcide	to cause to give out a slight , sharp , tinkling , sound , as by striking metallic or other sonorous bodies together
clink	v. i.	gcide	to give out a slight , sharp , tinkling sound
clink	n.	gcide	a slight , sharp , tinkling sound , made by the collision of sonorous bodies
clink	n.	gcide	a prison cell
corundum	n.	gcide	the mineral alumina ( <unk> ), as found native in a crystalline state
corundum	n.	gcide	the oriental ruby , or red sapphire
corundum	n.	gcide	and adamantine spar , the hair - brown variety
vector	n.	gcide	a directed quantity , as a straight line , a force , or a velocity
honorable	a.	gcide	worthy of honor
honorable	a.	gcide	fit to be esteemed or regarded
honorable	a.	gcide	estimable
honorable	a.	gcide	illustrious
honorable	a.	gcide	high - minded
honorable	a.	gcide	actuated by principles of honor , or a scrupulous regard to probity , rectitude , or reputation
honorable	a.	gcide	proceeding from an upright and laudable cause , or directed to a just and proper end
honorable	a.	gcide	not base
honorable	a.	gcide	irreproachable
honorable	a.	gcide	fair
questionnaire	n.	gcide	a list of questions , usually on a printed form , to be answered by an individual
teacher	n.	gcide	one who teaches or instructs
teacher	n.	gcide	one whose business or occupation is to instruct others
teacher	n.	gcide	an instructor
teacher	n.	gcide	a tutor
teacher	n.	gcide	one who instructs others in religion
teacher	n.	gcide	a preacher
teacher	n.	gcide	a minister of the gospel
meet	v. t.	gcide	to join , or come in contact with
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come in contact with by approach from an opposite direction
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come in collision with
meet	v. t.	gcide	to confront in conflict
meet	v. t.	gcide	to encounter hostilely
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come into the presence of without contact
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come close to
meet	v. t.	gcide	to intercept
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come within the perception , influence , or recognition of
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come together by mutual approach
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come in contact or into proximity by approach from opposite directions
meet	v. t.	gcide	to join
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come face to face
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come in close relationship
meet	v. t.	gcide	to come together with hostile purpose
meet	v. t.	gcide	to have an encounter or conflict
meet	v. t.	gcide	to assemble together
meet	v. t.	gcide	to congregate
meet	n.	gcide	an assembling together
meet	n.	gcide	the persons who so assemble and the place of meeting
meet	a.	gcide	suitable
meet	a.	gcide	fit
meet	a.	gcide	proper
meet	a.	gcide	appropriate
meet	a.	gcide	qualified
meet	a.	gcide	convenient
partridge	n.	gcide	the ruffed grouse
